What country do the explorers eventually return to at the end ?
England
England

What species was already extinct but one was killed during the course of the story ?
A Bluebuck antelope
Bluebuck antelope .

What type of birds attack the balloon ?
Condors
Condors attack the balloon .

Where are the explorers when they run out of water , stranded ?
The Sahara desert
Over the Sahara Desert .

What was the tribe going to do to the missionary before he is rescued by the explorers ?
Sacrifice him
Sacrifice him

The initial exploration is to find the source of what ?
The Nile river
The Nile river

What area is described as a desert but is actually a savanna ?
The interior of Africa near modern day Central African Republic .
Chad

What are the names of Dr. Ferguson s companions ?
Joe and Richard Dick Kennedy
Joe and Richard Dick Kennedy

Where does the trip begin on the east coast ?
Zanzibar
Zanzibar

Where do Dr. Samuel Ferguson and his companions travel across in the hydrogen balloon ?
The African continent
Africa

Who was Dr. Ferguson s man servant ?
Joe .
Joe

What type of gas is used in the balloon ?
Hydrogen
Hydrogen .

What is the primary focus of the explorers at the beginning of their journey ?
They are seeking out the source of the Nile River .
Linking the voyages of Burton and Speke with Barth .

What sort of landscape is used to describe the interior of Africa ?
Desert
Desert

When the balloon is over run by condors , what does Joe decide to do ?
Joe jumps out of the balloon .
He jumps out of the balloon .

What is Dick Kennedy s profession ?
He is a professional hunter .
He is a professional hunter .

Which explorer had previously gone on expeditions in the areas around the regions of the Sahara and Chad ?
Heinrich Barth
Heinrich Barth .

Which country do the explorers return to after their African expedition ?
England
England

Where does the explorers trip in Africa begin ?
Zanzibar/on the east coast
The east coast of Zanzibar .

Why did the explorers save the missionary ?
The native tribe was preparing to sacrifice him .
Because he was going to be sacrificed

Who accompanied Dr.Samuel Ferguson on his trip to Africa ?
His friend , Richard Dick Kennedy and his manservant Joe
His manservant Joe and pro hunter Richard Dick Kennedy

What was Dr. Ferguson s profession ?
He was a scholar and an explorer
He was an explorer .

Why did Joe jumped out of the balloon ?
Because it was attacked by condors
It was being attacked by condors

What was the purpose of Dr. Ferguson s trip to Africa ?
To link together the trips of Sir . Richard Burton and John Hanning Speke with those of Heinrich Barth
To link together multiple other voyages to fully explore Africa .

What was the first African place they landed on ?
Zanzibar
Zanzibar

What did Mr. Kennedy do for a living ?
He was a professional hunter
Professional Hunter

What was the main focus at the beginning of the trip ?
They wanted to find the source of the Nile
Finding the source of the Nile River .

Where was the starting point of the trip ?
England
Zanzibar

Who did they rescue from a native tribe ?
A missionary man
A missionary

