Who did Jim Morrison see dying on a desert highway in 1949 ?
An elderly Native American
An elderly Native American .

In which U.S. state did Jim Morrison arrive in 1965 ?
California
California

At what school did Jim Morrison study ?
UCLA
Film

Who was Jim Morrison s girlfriend during his days at UCLA ?
Pamela Courson
Pamela Courson

Why did Jim Morrison invite his classmates to Death Valley ?
to experience psychedelic drugs
to experience psychedelic drugs

What was Jim Morrison s nickname as his band became more popular ?
The Lizard King
the lizard king

Who was a rock journalist with whom Jim participated in witchcraft ?
Patricia Kennealy
Patricia Kennealy

What criminal charges did Jim have brought against him at in Miami , FL ?
Jim Morrison allegedly exposed himself on stage
Indecent exposure .

Who was pregnant with Jim Morrison s child ?
Patricia Kenneally
Patricia .

Where did Pamela Courson find Jim Morrison dead in 1971 ?
In a bathtub in Paris , France
In the bathtub

What is the name of the night club in Los Angeles where the Doors grew their fan base ?
Whiskey a Go Go
Whisky a Go Go

What self-image does Jim become increasingly obsessed with ?
The Lizard King
The Lizard King

What did Jim do during a Miami concert that was thought to be a low point for the band ?
Jim allegedly exposed himself on stage
Expos himself

By first name , who are the Doors band members ?
Jim , Ray , Robbie , and John
Jim , John , Robbie , Ray .

How old was Jim Morrison at his death ?
27
27

What was Jim s cause of death ?
Heart failure
Heart Failure .

What gift does Jim give his band mates at his last visit with them at Ray s party ?
Jim gave them each a copy of An American Prayer .
A copy of An American Prayer

What is Jim s reaction to Patricia s news she is pregnant ?
Jim wants Patricia to have an abortion .
He makes her get an abortion .

What school does Jim attend in California ?
UCLA
UCLA

Who is Pamela Courson to Jim ?
Jim s girlfriend .
Girlfriend

What does Jim convince his bandmates to do ?
Travel to Death Valley to try psychedelic drugs .
travel to Death Valley

After becoming a success , what image does Jim become infatuated with ?
He is infatuated with his personal image of The Lizard King which causes him to fall into alcoholism and drug abuse .
His own image as the Lizard King

What does Jim participate in with Patricia ?
He participates in mystical ceremonies and joins in a handfasting ceremony .
Mystical ceremonies .

What ultimately causes a downfall for the band ?
Jim arrives late to a concert in Miami , confronts the crowd and also exposes himself while onstage .
Jim exposing himself in front of the audience

What was the verdict in Jim s case ?
Jim was found guilty of indecent exposure .
Guilty

What do Jim and Patricia do when they find out she is pregnant ?
Patricia is convinced to have an abortion .
Got a abortion .

Where does Pam find Jim is dead ?
In a bathtub while in Paris .
In a bathtub in Paris

What was the alleged cause of Jim s death ?
His death was attributed to heart failure .
Heart failure .

Where does Jim meet eh eventual members of their band ?
While he was attending UCLA studying in film school .
At UCLA .

Whats does Jim do when he attends a party thrown by his bandmates for a final time ?
He wishes them luck and gives them a copy of An American Prayer .
He plays with the children .

