What is the name of the document discussed in this article ?
The Universal House of Justice
The promise of world peace

What does the Universal House of Justice say is possible for the first time in human history ?
World Peace
World peace

What is one problem that The Universal House of Justice says must be addressed ?
Religious Strife
Unbridled nationalism .

The Universal House of Justice calls for the support of who ?
The United Nations and all people
The United Nations .

Human beings are the creation of who ?
God
God .

Who is quoted in the Universal House of Justice ?
Baha'u'llah
Baha'u'llah .

The Universal House of Justice says that peace can not happen without what ?
Religion
religion

What does peace need to be founded on ?
the thought that mankind is one human family
The understanding that mankind is one human family .

If we decide to do so what are we , as humans capable of creating ?
A peaceful world
World peace

What discriminations need to be addressed ?
Race , gender and religion
race , gender , and religious beliefs

What entity produces the Statement ?
The Universal House of Justice .
The universal house of justice

Which widespread belief is seen as causing the most harm ?
The belief that humans are inherenty hostile and aggressive .
Humans are intrinsically hostile and aggressive .

How does international governance let the world down ?
By its ' inability to do away with war , anarchy , terrorism and unstable economies .
It can not properly eradicate threats and instabilities .

What is required for peace to occur ?
Religion .
A new framework must be created

How does the U.H.o.J . see religious strife occuring ?
Through a combination of human negligence and interpretive error of religion .
The negligence of humanity

Why does interpretive error harm religious faith ?
Errors separate faith from reason .
It separates faith from reason .

What is the largest disparity ?
Between the rich and the poor .
The rich and the poor .

What sort of discrimination afflicts the world ?
Race , religious , and gender discrimination .
race , gender , and religious beliefs

How does the Universal House of Justice describe mankind ?
Mankind is one human family .
intrinsically hostile and aggressive

What document states world peace is now possible ?
Universal House of Justice
The Statement .

Human beings are believed to be intrinsically ?
Hostile
hostile and agressive

A contrary argument states human beings are fundamentally what ?
Spiritual
Spiritual in nature

Peace can not occur without what ?
Religion
Religion .

Who is the founder of Baha'i ?
Baha'u'llah
Baha'u'llah .

What has separated faith from reason and science from religion ?
Erroneous interpretations
Interpretations .

Peace can only be achieved by addressing the ?
Underlying problems
Whole new level of commitment

There is an inordinate disparity between the rich and the ?
Poor
poor

There is a fundamental lack of what between people ?
Communication
Communication .

Peace must be founded on the understanding that mankind is ?
One human family
One human family .

