In the beginning of the story , what two things have taught Chance everything he knows ?
Gardening and the TV .
Gardening and the television .

What caused Chance to have to move out of the first home he lived in ?
The owner died .
owner s death

How did Chance meet Eve and Ben Rand ?
The Rand s chaffeur hit Chance with the car when he stepped off the sidewalk .
they hit him with their car

What did Chance say his name was when Eve misheard him ?
Chance , the gardener .
Chance , the gardener .

What causes Chance to become famous ?
His appearance on a TV show .
An appearance on a television talk show .

Who is Rand to the President of the United States ?
His adviser .
Rand is a confidant and adviser .

What does Rand want Eve to do when he finds out he is dying ?
Become close to Chauncey .
Get together with Chance .

What happens when Eve starts masturbating in front of Chauncey ?
He ignores her and watches television .
He continues to watch television .

What does everyone think Chauncey s garden talk is about ?
Politics and economics .
allegorical statements about business and the economy

Who finally figures out that Chauncey is not as smart as everyone thinks ?
Dr. Allenby
Allenby

How did Chance discover the outside world for the first time ?
His benefactor died and he was ordered to move out of the estate .
by being forced to leave after his benefactor dies

When did Chance drink alcohol for the first time ?
When he was in the car with Eve .
During the Limo ride

Why did Eve invite Chance to her family s home ?
Her husband s chauffeur struck Chance with their car .
to recover after her car hit him

Why do Eve and Ben think that Chance is rich ?
Eve misheard his name and he is dressed with fancy clothes .
He has a fancy name and speaks profoundly .

How did Chance meet the president ?
Ben Rand works fr the president and introduced him to Chance .
He appeared on a television talk show .

How did Chance become a celebrity ?
He appeared on a television talk show .
His simple words are taken to be profound statements , and he is introduced to Washington society and the President .

Why does Ben tell Eve to get close to Chance ?
Because Ben is dying from anemia .
Because she is attracted to him .

Why does Eve masturbate in front of Chance ?
He told her he likes to watch and she misinterpreted it .
Chance told her he likes to watch .

What did Allenby realize after speaking to Chauncey ?
He realized that Chance was a simple gardener .
He was actually not very intelligent

How did Allenby react when he realized the truth about Chance ?
He did n't seem to be bothered by it .
He does n't seem bothered by it and does n't tell anyone .

What happens to make Chance relocate ?
the owner dies
His benefactor dies and he has to move out .

What was Chance job title ?
The gardener
Gardner

Who is struck by a car ?
Chance
Chance the gardener

Why does Eve thinks Chance is a high class man ?
by his clothing and appeaance
Chance

Who is Eve ?
Wife to Ben Rand
Eve is Rand s wife .

Who was Eve attracted to ?
Cnance
Chauncey

What did they call Chance ?
Chauncey Gardiner
Chauncey

What was Rand dying from ?
Aplastic anemia
a rare blood disease

Who was Rand s doctor ?
Dr. Allenby
Allenby

What year was The Thomas Crown Affair ?
1968
1968 .

