What are biocompensators ?
People with incurable injuries and/or defects .
Incurable injuries and defects

What do the biocompensators volunteer to do ?
They volunteer for the first intetstellar space flight .
Volunteer for the first flight .

Where do the biocompensators head for when they leave the solar system ?
The Centauri system .
The Centauri System

What kind of drive propels the biocompensator s space ship ?
A gravity drive .
a gravity drive

What is the name of the space ship sent out from Earth to beat the biocompensators to Alphi Centauri ?
The Star Victory .
Star Victory .

What is found on the methane gas giant near Proxima Centauri ?
Butterfly-like aliens .
butterfly-like aliens

Of what does the Star Victory have a better version ?
A better version of the gravity drive .
the drive

Who turns down the biocompensators who volunteer for the first interstellar space fligh ?
The medial authorities .
Medical authorities

Where do the biocompensators go immediately after they are turned down for the first interstellar flight ?
Back to their asteroid hospital .
Earth

What do the aliens lack ?
A relilable gravity drive .
A reliable gravity drive

In the text , what is the medical condition of the volunteers for the first interstellar flight ?
Incurable injuries and defects .
Incurable injuries and defects .

What types of problems does do the passengers of the first ship encounter in their travels ?
Problems with the gravity drive and limited medical supplies .
limited supply of necessary pharmaceuticals , and they need an improved gravity drive

What is the main reason a second ship is sent out towards Alpha Centauri ?
Fear that an alien culture would think the passengers of the first ship to be normal humans .
to encounter aliens

What type of Aliens do they encounter ?
Butterfly like angels .
butterfly-like aliens from near Proxema Centauri

What improvements allow the second ship to arrive before the first ?
A faster gravity drive .
A better drive of the new engine .

How does the text describe the planet where the Victory settles ?
The planet is similar to Mars .
Mars-like .

How does the text describe the planet where the aliens live ?
The planet is a methane gas giant .
methane gas giant

What kind of limitations do the aliens have with their technology ?
They lack a gravity drive .
they lack a reliable gravity drive

Why do the aliens refuse to study the passengers and crew of the Victory ?
Because they are specialists .
They are specialists so they are not welcome

Before their interstellar journey , where do the biocompensators live ?
In an asteroid belt in our galaxy .
on an asteroid

What are the people who volunteer for the first interstellar flight called ?
Bioconpensators .
Biocompensators

What system do the people go to when they escape the solar system ?
Centauri system .
centauri

What is the ship called that Earth sends out ?
Star Victory
the Star Victory

What planet that they land on near Alfa Centauri does it resemble ?
Mars .
mars

What most resembles the aliens to the humans ?
Their technology .
butterflies

What do the aliens look like ?
Butterfly like creatures .
butterflies

Why are the crew on Victory not welcome by the aliens ?
They are all specialists .
because they are all specialists and not a normal sampling of humans

What do the aliens lack in their technology ?
A reliable gravity drive .
They lack a gravity drive .

What kind of planet do the aliens live on ?
A methane gas giant .
A Mars-like planet .

When the Victory leaves the system to the Accidentals , what does the crew promise ?
That they will return .
They promise to return someday

