Why does the gypsy woman place a curse on Christine ?
For shaming her in the bank
She wo n't extend her mortgage payment

What item does the gypsy woman use to curse Christine ?
A button off of Christine s coat
Button .

What animal does Shaun San Dena use to trap the spirit of the Lamia ?
A goat
A goat

Why does Christina deny the gypsy woman an extension on her mortgage payment ?
To show her boss she can make tough decisions
To prove herself to her boss .

Why was Stu fired ?
Stu confessed to stealing Christine s work
He confessed to stealing Christine s work

What kind of demon is haunting Christine ?
The Lamia
The Lamia

What animal does Christine sacrifice first to try and appease the spirit ?
Her kitten
Her kitten .

Why does Christine decide not to give the envelope with the button in it to Stu ?
Because he looked pathetic and panicky
She takes pity on him

What will happen if Christine gives the envelope with the button in it to someone ?
The curse will pass to them
The curse will be passed on .

According to Rham Jas , how many days will the demon torment Christine before dragging her to hell ?
3
3

Why did the couple visit medium Shaun San Dena in Pasadena in 1969 ?
Their son has been hearing voices from evil spirits .
Because their son was hearing evil spirits voices

Why did Sylvia Ganush curse Christine ?
Christine refused to extend Ganush s mortgage .
Christine denied an extension on Ganush s mortgage payment and shamed Ganush .

What item did Ganush take from Christine to curse her ?
Her button
A button from her coat

What did Christine do to her boss right before Stu stole Christine s file ?
Nose bleed
Had a projectile nose bleed and covered him in blood

Who suggested that Christine sacrifice something to rid of Lamia ?
Rham Jas
Rham Jas .

How much did Shaun San Dena ask to be paid to help Christine ?
$ 10,000
$ 10,000.00

What was Shaun San Dena s plan to rid of Lamia ?
Trap Lamia in a goat , kill the goat , and have Lamia inhabit her .
to trap th Lamia inside of a goat s body and then kill it

Why did Christine dig up Ganush s grave ?
She wanted to place the cursed button in Ganush s mouth .
To gift her the button

Why did Christine change her mind about giving the button to Stu ?
Stu looked like she was breaking down emotionally .
Stu was pathetic and tearful .

Why was Christine sent to Hell despite getting rid of the envelope ?
She got rid of the wrong envelope .
She got rid of the wrong envelope

Where does the beginning of this story take place ?
Pasadena
Pasadena , California .

What is Christine Brown s job ?
bank loan officer
bank loan officer

What does Sylvia Ganush ask Christine for ?
An extension on her mortgage loan
an extension on her mortgage

Where are Clay and Christine going for the weekend ?
Santa Barbara
Santa Barbara .

Why does Christine dig up Ganush s grave ?
To place the cursed button in her mouth
To give Ganush the cursed button .

What did Stu admit to taking credit for ?
Christine s work
Christine s work .

What does Christine sacrifice ?
Her pet kitten
Her kitten

How long will the demon torment Christine before it takes her to Hell ?
3 days
3 days

What does Rham Jas tell Christine when they first meet ?
That she is being haunted by an evil spirit
she is being haunted by an evil spirit .

What is Christine s boyfriend s name ?
Clay Dalton
Clay Dalton

