During his interview , what does Silas Lapham discuss ?
His financial success in the mineral paint business
His financial success .

Where does the Lapham family build their new home ?
The Back Bay neighborhood
Back Bay

What does Tom Corey do in order to no longer rely on his fathers s savings ?
Joins the Lapham s paint business
Works for the Laphams

Who does Tom Corey reveal he loves ?
Penelope
Penelope .

Who is Silas Lapham s former business partner ?
Milton K. Rogers
Milton K Rogers

What happens as a result of Lapham s dealings with Rogers ?
He suffers financial loss
substantial financial loss .

What happens to the new home on Beacon Street after Milton K. Rogers reappears asking for money ?
It burns down before completion
It burns down

Where do the Laphams have to move after the new home burns down ?
Their ancestral home in the countryside
Their ancestral home in the countryside .

Who does everyone think Tom Corey is attracted to ?
Irene
Irene .

Who does Penelope fear she will betray if she acts on her feelings for Tom Corey ?
Her sister , Irene
her sister

Who is being interviewed at the beginning of the story ?
Silas Lapham .
Silas Lapham .

In what profession does Lapham gain his wealth ?
The mineral paint business .
Mineral plant business

Where do the Laphams build their new home ?
The Back Bay area .
Back Bay

Who joins the mineral paint business with the Laphams ?
Tom Corey .
Tom Corey

Who does everyone assume Tom is romantically interested in ?
Irene Lapham .
The younger daughter , Irene

Which of the Lapham girls is Tom really interested in ?
The older Penelope Lapham .
Penelope .

Why does Penelope fear becoming romantically involved with Tom ?
Because her sister Irene has developed a romantic interest in Tom .
She does not want to hurt her sister

Who is Milton Rogers ?
A former partner of Silas .
Silas Lapham s former business partner .

Why does Mrs. Lapham encourage Silas to financially support Rogers ' endeavors ?
Because she believes that Silas wronged Rogers in previous business matters .
They were business partners but Silas pushed Rogers out of the company .

What causes Silas significant financial loss at the end of the story ?
His financial contributions to Rogers .
Lapham s business dealings with Rogers .

What neighborhood did the Laphams decide to build theiir house in ?
Back Bay
Back Bay .

How did Silas Lapham make his fortune ?
In the mineral paint business
he made his fortune in the mineral paint business

Who do the Laphams think Tom Corey is attracted to ?
Irene Lapham
Irene .

Who does Tom Corey profess his love for ?
Penelope Lapham
Penelope

Who joins the Lapham s paint business in order to not rely on his father s support ?
Tom Corey
Tom Corey

What are the names of the Lapham s daughters ?
Penelope and Irene
Penelope and Irene

What street will the Lapham s new house be located on ?
Beacon Street
Beacon Street

Which of the Lapham s daughters is described as being more intelligent ?
Penelope
Penelope

Which of the Lapham s daughters is said to be the more comely of the two ?
Irene
Penelope , the eldest

Who is Milton K. Rogers ?
Silas Lapham s ex-business partner
Silas Lapham s business partner .

