What was Darwin trying to figure out regarding the length of the stamens in the two varieties of cowslip plants ?
He felt they were like that for an important reason and wanted to how that related to nature .
What purpose they served

Which insects visited the cowslips for their survival ?
Bees and moths visited the cowslips .
bees and moths

What were the insects after when they landed on the plants ?
The bees and moths were taking nectar from the plants .
Nectar

How did pollen get moved around from plant to plant ?
It was moved around on the proboscis of the insects .
Bees and moths .

What role did that pollen have in nature as the insects moved from plant to plant ?
The pollen fertalized the different plants .
They were used for fertilization .

What was the result of cross pollination among the different plants ?
The result was more good capsules with more seeds in each of those capsules .
Larger , more productive capsules

When plants with different features are cross pollinated what is the result of the new plants ?
The new plants are more abundant and produce more .
More fertile plants

What did Darwin s work begin in the scientific community ?
His work inspired more experiments that still continue .
Darwin started the further investigation of the reproduction of plants .

What are some of the other plants that Darwin investigated ?
He also experimented with loostrife , lungwort , primrose , and flax as well as others .
Dimorphic heterostyled plants

How many kinds of flowers does the cowslip have ?
Two
There are 3 .

How does the pollen transfer from one plant to another ?
The pollen attaches to the body of an insect
Bees and moths .

Why are the complex arrangements important for the loosestrife ?
They secure more abundant and more vigorous offspring
They give more and stronger offspring .

What part of bees becomes covered with pollen ?
The proboscis
Their proboscis

Which style of loosestrife has six short and six long stamens ?
The medium style
Medium .

How many ways can a loosestrife be fertilized ?
Eighteen
eighteen

What is the latin for the American partridge-berry ?
Mitchella repens
Mitchella repens

How did experimentation produce more seeds in each cowslip ?
cross fertilization
Crosses between two different types of flowers .

What are the lengths of the stamens on the long style loosestrife ?
six medium and six short
There are six medium and six short stamen .

What year did Darwin investigate the cowslip ?
In 1860
1860

Another name for the Primula veris is what ?
Cowslip
Cowslip .

What insects did Darwin observe pollinating the Cowslip ?
Bees and moths
moth and bees

The primrose , flax , lungworts are considered to be what sort of plant ?
Dimorphic heterstyled plants
dimorphic heterostyled

The Lythrum salicaria can be fertilised in how many ways ?
18
18

How many different types of flowers does the cowslip have ?
2
Two

Scientist who study plants are called what ?
Botanist
Botanist

The variations in the cowslip had been known for how many years before Darwin began his experiments ?
70
It was known for 70 years .

Why did Darwin want to know what the cowslip variations meant ?
He believed that a definite variation must have a purpose .
trying to understand the offspring insects have on flower continum

What part of the bees and moths became covered in pollen ?
Proboscis
proboscis

The Lythrum salicaria has stamens and styles of how many different lengths ?
3
3

