Who invade Han China ?
The Huns , led by Shan Yu .
The Huns led by Shan Yu invade Han China

What does Fa Mulan discover ?
That her elderly , injured father must fight in the war .
That not all of the Huns died in the avalanche and that they are on their way to the city to capture the Emperor .

What do the ancestors order after Mulan escapes to fight in her father s place ?
Order their Great Stone Dragon to protect Mulan .
the Great Stone Dragon

Who goes after Mulan to protect her instead ?
Mushu .
Mushu

Under whose orders does Mulan and her cohorts become skilled warriors ?
Shang Li .
Shang Li

What do they find on their way to meet Shang Li s father ?
A burnt-out encampment where General Li and his troops have been killed .
A burnt village

What does Shang Li do after he discovers Mulan is a woman ?
He sets her free because she saved his life fighting Shan Yu .
Spares her life , but leaves her in the snow

What does Mulan discover after it s revealed Shan Yu is alive ?
He is intent on capturing the Emperor .
That the huns are still alive and going after the emperor

With Mulan s help what do Yao , Ling , and Chien-Po do to get into the castle to save the Emperor ?
They dress as concubines .
Pose as concubines

How is Shan Yu killed ?
Mushu shoots fireworks at him .
Fireworks hit Shan Yu and go off

Who is the leader of the huns ?
Shan Yu
Shan Yu

What is required of each family by the emperor ?
One man from each family must join the army
one male family member to join the army

How does Mulan prevent her father from going to the war ?
She disguises as a man
She disguises herself as a man and goes in his place

What is the name of the small dragon to protect Mulan ?
Mushu
Mushu

What is peculiar about Shangs order to go to the mountains ?
It is fake
It is a fake order created by Mushu

What happens to the crew in the mountains ?
They are ambushed by the Huns
They are ambushed by the Huns

Who captures the Emperor ?
the Huns
Shan Yu

What kills Shan Yu ?
Fireworks
Fireworks

Who does mulan give the sword and crest to ?
Fa Zhou
Her father

What position does Mushu gain ?
Fa family guardian
Fa family guardian

What is a conscription notice ?
It requires one man from every family to join the Chinese Army .
A draft that requires one man from each family join the army

In Mulan s family , who would fulfill the conscription notice ?
Her grandfather ( Fa Zhou )
Mulan s father

How does Mulan deal with the conscription notice ?
She disguises herself as a man to join the army .
She disguises herself as a man and goes in her father s place

Mulan s family ancestors order what to protect her ?
Great Stone Dragon
The great stone dragon

What ends up protecting Mulan when the Great Stone Dragon does not return ?
Mushu ( a very small dragon )
Mushu , a smaller dragon

Who runs Mulan s training camp ?
Lu Shang
Li Shang

How is Mulan s ruse discovered ?
When a battle wound to the chest is dressed .
She is injured and needs to be bandaged

Where does Mulan lure the lead Hun to battle him one-on-one ?
The roof of the palace .
She lures him onto the roof

What honor , unprecedented for women , do the people of China and the Emporer give to Mulan ?
They bow to her .
She is given the Emperor s crest and Shan Yu ' sword

What gifts does Mulan accept from the Emperor ?
Emporer s Crest and Shan Yu s Sword
His crest and Shan Yu s sword

