Why does Ben beat Harry ?
Ben is angered by Harry s cowardice .
For locking him out .

Who locks Ben out of the house ?
Harry
Harry .

Why did Karen fall gravely ill ?
Karen got bit by a monster .
She was bitten .

What happens to Barbra during the first night in the house ?
Barbra goes into shock .
She goes into shock ans insanity .

Who helps Ben barricade the house ?
Tom
Tom .

What did the emergency news report on the television say ?
The recently deceased were coming back to life .
That that the dead are coming back to life and eating the living .

Who survives the night ?
Ben
Ben and Barbra

What did the news report say would kill the monsters ?
Setting them on fire
A gunshot to the head .

What did Helen see when she returned to the cellar ?
Helen saw Karen eating Harry
She sees Karen eating Harry s corpse .

How do Tom and Judy die ?
Their truck explodes
The truck explodes .

Why do Barbra and Johnny go to the graveyard ?
Visit their father s grave
To visit their father s grave .

What can stop the undead , aside from injury to the head ?
Fire
Setting them on fire .

Who gets killed when the truck explodes ?
Tom and Judy
Tom and Judy .

Who is the last character to die at the end of the story ?
Ben
Ben .

Who locks Ben out of the house after the truck explodes ?
Harry
Harry

Where were Harry , Helen , and Karen hiding when Ben and Barbra first take refuge in the farmhouse ?
the cellar
In the cellar .

What does Karen use to stab Helen ?
masonry trowel
trowel

What does Harry throw out of the window at the undead while Ben and Tom refuel the truck ?
molotov cocktails
Molotov cocktails .

What does the scientist suspect caused the outbreak ?
radiation from a space probe
Radioactive contamination from a space probe .

At the end of the story , who does the posse mistake for an undead and shoot in the head ?
Ben
Ben

Why are Barbra and Johnny heading to Pennsylvania ?
to go to their father s grave
For annual visit of their father s grave .

What does Barbra find at the farmhouse ?
a woman s torn up body
A woman s corpse .

What is hiding in the cellar at the farmhouse ?
Harry , Helen , and Karen Cooper
A couple and their daughter .

Why is Karen sick ?
she was bitten by the undead
She was bitten by a monster .

What do the people in the farmhouse see when they turn the television on ?
that the recently dead are coming back to life and eating the flesh of the living
A report about recently deceased reanimating into beings that eat living people .

What does one scientist believe caused the outbreak ?
a radiation outbreak that came from a space probe from Venus that exploded when it hit Earth s atmosphere
Radioactive contamination .

How does the television report say that the undead can be killed ?
a gunshot to the head , blunt force trauma to the head , or setting them on fire
A shot to the head .

What happens immediately following the power going out at the farmhouse ?
the undead break into the house
Undead broke through barricades

What does Helen see when she walks back into the cellar ?
Karen is undead and feasting on her father s dead body
Karen is eating Harry .

How does Ben die ?
he is mistaken for one of the undead and shot in the forehead
He was shot in the forehead mistakenly .

