How long was Ellen drifting through space ?
57 years .
57 years

Why did Ellen change her mind , and choose to accompany Burke and Gorman to investigate the disturbance ?
She had nightmares about the aliens .
Recurring nightmares .

How did Newt survive the attack on the colony ?
She used the ventilation system .
Escaped through ventilation system .

How did Ellen locate the colonists beneath the fusion powered atmosphere processing station ?
The colonies computer .
they use the colony s computer

Why did Burke release the face huggers on Newt and Ellen ?
To reproduce with them , and smuggle the embryos into Earth s quarantine .
he wanted them impregnated by Aliens so that he could smuggle Alien embryos through Earth s quarantine

Why did the alien queen attack Ellen ?
Ellen destroyed her eggs .
because Ellen had destroyed her eggs

How did the alien queen sneak onto the Sulaco ?
She attached herself to the landing gear .
she had hidden in the dropship s landing gear

How did Ellen win the final showdown with the Alien Queen ?
She used the exosuit ladder to expel the queen into an airlock in outer space .
She expelled it through the airlock .

How was Hadley s hope colony destroyed ?
The nuclear blast from the damaged power plant .
an explosion

Who rescued Ripley from the face huggers ?
The marines after she pulled the fire alarm .
the marines

How long was Ripley drifting through space ?
57 years
57 years

What was Ripley s request and one condition upon her returning to space with Gorman ?
That the aliens be destroyed should they encounter any .
that any Aliens they encounter will be destroyed and not captured

Who is Newt ?
The only known survivor of the colony .
A liitle girl .

In what condition were the marines found in the colony ?
They were cocooned , serving as incubators for Alien offspring .
They are in cocoons .

What was Burke s real reason for sending the colonists to investigate the spaceship ?
To obtain an alien specimen to take back to Earth to potentially use as biological weapons
to investigate the derelict spaceship

Why does Ripley think she and Newt were locked in a room with facehuggers ?
So they could be impregnated by aliens so Burke could smuggle the eggs to Earth undetected .
inpregnate to carry alien eggs to earth

What danger did Ripley face immediately after the colony was destroyed by the nuclear blast ?
The alien queen was a stow away on the escape ship and intended to kill the remaining survivors .
The alien queen atacked .

How did Ripley ultimately defeat the alien queen ?
She expelled it into space through a hatch in the ship
she expels her out into space using an exosuit cargo-loader

What was the name of the ship that brought the survivors home ?
The USS Sulaco
Sulaco .

What was the name of Ripley s original ship that was destroyed ?
The USCSS Nostromo
The USCSS Nostromo .

How did Newt hide from everyone and so avoid being captured and killed ?
She used the ventilation system .
she stayed hidden in the ventilation system

What is the name of the exomoon that Ripley returns to ?
LV-426
LV-426 .

How does Ripley originally feel about the new expedition ?
She is nervous and refuses to go .
Traumatized

What arouses the aliens to make them attack the marines ?
The marines kill a newborn alien
They killed a newborn alien .

What is locked in the laboratory with Ripley and Newt ?
Two facehuggers .
Two facehuggers

Why did Burke send the colonists to the derelict spaceship ?
He wanted to make money by recovering Alien specimens and using them for biological warfare .
he wanted to recover Alien specimens for use as biological weapons

How is the power plant damaged ?
By the dropship landing .
By the dropship crash .

What was the name of Ripleys ship in the original landing ?
USCSS Nostromo
USCSS Nostromo

What is the name of the new colony on LV-426 ?
Hadleys Hope
Hadley s Hope .

What is the name of the android on board the Sulaco ?
Bishop .
Ash .

