What do the Americans find in the buttocks of the Iraqi officer ?
a map
A map of bunkers near Karbala

What war has just finished at the beginning of the story ?
the Gulf War
Gulf War .

Who gets captured by the Iraqi soldiers after getting separated in the minefield ?
Troy
Troy

What is the map of ?
bunkers with stolen gold
A stash of stolen gold from kuwait

What country was the gold stolen from ?
Kuwait
Kuwait

What do the American soldiers do at night to occupy their time ?
throw parties
throw parties

When Troy is captured , he is taken to a bunker and thrown into a room . What was the room full of ?
cell phones
Cellphones .

Who helps Conrad , Chief , and Archie avoid capture after the group is separated in the mine field ?
a group of rebels
A group of rebels

What do Conrad , Chief , and Archie promise the rebels in return for their help ?
Passage to the Iranian border .
To help them reach the Iranian border .

What job does Troy have after returning home ?
he owns a carpet store
He owns a carpet store

How does Major Archie Gates pass time and avoid getting bored in the beggininng of the story ?
He throws parties and has sex with a journalist .
trading stories for sex with journalist

Why did the Iraqui officer attempt to hide the map ?
Because it is valuable and leads to the gold stolen from Kuwait .
It s a map to plundered goods and gold

What group do the soldiers team up with to save Troy ?
The rebel group .
Some rebels .

How were the rebels paid for helping out the American soldiers ?
One bar of gold for each rebel .
Each rebel got a bar of gold

How did the refugees able to cross to the Iraqui border after being stopped by American solders at the border ?
Archie offers the American Soldiers gold in exchange to let the refugees in .
The American soldiers are offered gold in exchange for letting them through .

In what condition was the gold returned to Kuwait ?
Some of it was missing .
Some of it was missing

How did the American soldiers manage to get close to the bunkers and Iraqui soldiers guarding Troy ?
They purchased luxury cars that were adorned and outfitted with Sadams ' entrourage in hopes to intimidate the guards .
They storm the bunker with cars disguised as Saddam s entourage

What surprising thing does Troy do with Saiid after being rescued ?
Troy spares Saiid s life .
He spares him .

After translating the map , when do the American soldiers take off to find the gold ?
The next day .
The following day

In the beginning of our story , what was Major Archie trading in exchange for stories to the journalist Cathy ?
Sex .
Sex .

In what part of the Iraqi officer s body do Conrad and Troy find the map ?
His butt .
Between his buttocks

To what treasure do Troy , Conrade , Chief , and Archie believe the map will lead them ?
Gold bullion .
Gold bullion stolen from Kuwait

What do Conrade , Chief , and Archie have to do before they can help the rebels and thier families to reach the Iranian border ?
Rescue Troy .
Rescue Troy .

Who all gets shot and killed during the Troy rescue ?
Conrade .
Conrad

How much gold is each rebel given before while waiting to be transported to the border ?
A bar of gold each .
One bar of gold

What does Archie offer to the American officers in exchange for the release of the refugees ?
The buried gold bullion .
The buried gold .

How does Major Archie Gates get the reporter , Adriana , preoccupied so that he can search for the gold ?
He gives him a false lead .
He sends Specialist Wogeman to aid her on a false lead

Where does the majority of the stolen gold eventually go ?
It is returned to Kuwait .
It s returned to Kuwait .

Who does Troy call when he is being held by Iraqi soldiers in a bunker ?
His wife .
His wife

