The house of business , Rue Saint-Denis , is known by what sign ?
The Cat and Racket
Cat and ratchet

What type of are style is Theodore de Sommervieux known for ?
Interiors and chiaroscuro effects
interiors and chiaoscuro

What is the name of the other woman Theodore forms an attachment to , due to his unhappy marriage to Augustine ?
Duchesse de Carigliano
The Duchesse de Carigliano .

What does the Duchesse de Carigliano view marriage as ?
Warfare
A form of warfare .

What does Theodore give to the Duchesse de Carigliano ?
The portrait of his wife , Augustine
He gives her a painted portrait of his wife Augustine , which is famous..

Where do Augustine and Theodore get married ?
The Church of Saint-Leu
Saint-Leu

Why does Augustine go to visit the Duchesse de Carigliano ?
To learn how the duchess captured Theodore s heart
To get advice on how to win back the heart of her husband Theodore .

Who did Augustine s parents originally want her to marry ?
Joseph Lebas
Joseph Lebas

What ultimately kills Augustine ?
A broken heart
Heartbreak .

What does Theodore do when he finds that the Duchesse de Carigliano returned his wife s portrait to her ?
He destroy s the portrait
He becomes enraged and destroys it

What is Theodore known for ?
His paintings .
He is an artist and a knight .

Who encourages Theodore and Augustine to become lovers ?
Madame Roguin .
Madam Roguin

How would you describe Theodore and Augustine s marraige ?
Unhappy .
Unhappy .

Why does Augustine believe that her relationship is strained ?
She does not have enough education or social standing to make her husband happy .
She does not understand her husband s art .

Who does Theodore fall for after becoming unhappy with his wife ?
Madame de Carigliano
The Duchesse de Carigliano .

What does Theodore give Madame de Carigliano as a present ?
The famous portrait of Augustine .
A portrait of Augustine

What does Madame de Carigliano believe about marriage that shocks Theodore ?
That marriage is like warfare .
She views marriage as a form of warfare .

What advice does Madame de Carigliano give Augustine ?
To not try and make her husband love her rather use her looks to keep him interested .
To see marriage as a form of warfare

How does Augustine try to win her husband back ?
She hangs her famous portrait in their room and wears an identical outfit that she wore in the painting .
with the help of a portrait from Madame de Carigliano .

How does Augustine die ?
A broken heart .
From heartbreak .

Who dies of a broken heart ?
Augustine .
Augustine

Who is Theodore de Summervieux ?
An artist .
An artist

Who does Theodore fall in love with ?
Augustine Guillaume .
Augustine Guillaume

Who is Madame Rogiun ?
Augustine s younger cousin .
Madame Guillaume s younger cousin .

When did Augustine and Theodore get married ?
1808 .
Augustine and Theodore get married in 1808 .

Where did Augustine and Theodore get married ?
Saint-Leu .
The church of Saint-Leu

Who was Augustine supposed to marry ?
Joseph Lebas .
Joseph Lebas

Who married Joseph Lebas ?
Augustine s sister Virginie .
Augustine s older sister Virginie

How old was Augustine when she died ?
27 .
27

