Why does Mike Jackson go to work at the New Asiatic Bank ?
His father has financial troubles .
His father is in financial trouble

What does Psmith use to blackmail Mr. Bickersdyke ?
He uses a book of proceedings of the Tulse Hill Parlaiment .
the anti-royalty speeches

Why is Mike fired from his job at the bank ?
He takes the blame for Waller s mistake .
Because he took the blame for Waller s mistake .

What is Mike s dream for his future ?
He wants to go to Cambridge and play cricket .
Studying and playing cricket at Cambridge .

What does Psmith use to befriend Mr. Rossiter ?
Mr. Rossiter s love of association football .
learns that he is a football fan

Why does Mike s brother Joe call him ?
Joe s cricket team is a man short and he needs Mike to play .
To play with them for their county at Lord s .

Where does Mike go to live after leaving his Dulwich room ?
He moves in with Psmith at Clement s Inn .
To live with Psmith at Clement s Inn

What happens when Mike and Psmith go to hear Mr. Waller speak ?
A spectator throws a rock at Mr. Waller and a fight breaks out .
Someone throws a stone at Mr. Waller and a fight erupts

Why are Mike and Psmith able to quit their jobs at the end of the story ?
Psmith s father agrees to send Psmith and Mike to school .
Psmith plans to study law at Cambridge and Mike is able to work for Psmith s father as a real estate agent

Why is Mr. Bickersdyke angry at the end of the story ?
Mike and Psmith quit their jobs before he can fire them .
Because Psmith announces their retirement .

Where does Jackson dream of playing at ?
Cambridge
Cambridge .

Where does Mike rent a room ?
Dulwich
Dulwich

Who insists that mike move in with him ?
Psmith
Psmith

Who do Mike and Psmith seek a meens of pacifying ?
Manager Rossiter
Mr. Rossiter

What does Waller reveal to Mike ?
He is an ardent socialist
He is an ardent Socialist .

What does Walter fail to spot ?
A forged Check
A forged check .

Who trails Bickersdyke ?
Psmith
Psmith

Who is Mike s brother ?
Joe
Joe

Who does not approve of people leaving to pay cricket ?
The Bank
The bank .

Who is enraged at Mike and Psmith s retirement ?
Bickersdyke
Mr. Bickersdyke

What association is Mr Rossiter devoted to ?
To football and Manchester United .
Association Football

Why did the spectator try to throw a stone at Waller ?
Waller was an ardent socialist .
Because Waller reveals he is an ardent socialist .

In the story what is pop off mean ?
It means it was time for them to leave .
leave work early

Who was the antagonist in this story ?
Mr Bickersdyke .
Psmith

Where did Mike Jackson have to take a job at ?
The New Asiatic Bank .
New Asiatic Bank

Why does Mike feel happy having an ally ?
Psmith announces his plan to toy with Bickersdyke outside of work , where Mike feels the same .
He was worried their employer had it in for the both of them

What was the item Psmith acquired ?
Waller s book Tulse Hill Parliament .
Walter s book of proceedings of the Tulse Hill Parliament .

What distraction caused Mike to cover for Waller ?
Waller found out his son was ill and missed a forged cheque , Mike covered for him and was fired and roasted by Bickersdyke .
Waller s son being ill .

What prevented Mike from losing his job ?
Psmith threatened Bickersdyke that he would leak anti-royal speches form Tulse Hill Parliament book , so furious Bickersdyke keeps Mike on .
Psmith threatens to tell about the the speeches

What is Mike going to study , as he quits his job ?
To study law at Cambridge .
Business

