For what did the man apes tribe face starvation and competition for ?
a water hole by a rival tribe
for a water hole by a rival tribe

When the tribe of man apes awoke what did they see ?
featureless black monolith
Black monolith

Who was the Pam Am space plane carrying ?
Dr. Heywood Floyd
Dr Heywood Floyd

Where was the space plane taking Dr. Floyd ?
to a space station orbiting Earth
space station orbiting earth for layover to Clavius Base

Who was on the videophone call with Dr. Floyd ?
his daughter
His Soviet scientist friend and a colleague of the scientist

What rumor was Floyd soviet friend and colleague talking about ?
a mysterious epidemic at Clavius
A mysterious epidemic at Clavius

Why was Floyd and the others in a Moonbus ?
to go to see the artifact
To investigate a recently found artifact .

What kind of sound the monolith gave off ?
a loud high-pitched radio signal
A loud high-pitched radio signal .

What was the mission of the United States spacecraft Discovery one ?
to go to Jupiter
investigate an artifact

Who were on board the spacecraft _ Discovery one ?
Dr. David Bowman , Dr. Frank Poole and three other scientists
Bowman , Poole and three scientists in cryogenic sleep

What is the name of the U.S. station on the moon ?
Clavius Base
Clavius Base

How is Dr. Floyd transported to see the artifact ?
By a moon bus
He goes in a Moonbus

Who is HAL ?
A nickname for the computer that runs Discovery One
The U.S. spacecraft Discovery One s computer

Why did Bowman and Poole go somewhere to talk in private ?
Because they did not want HAL to overhear their conversation
so that HAL wo n't overhear them

When Bowman deactivates HAL , what song does HAL sing ?
Daisy Bell
Daisy Bell .

How does Bowman get back into the ship after HAL locks him out ?
Bowman opens the emergency airlock manually
Manually throught the emergency airlock .

Who attacks pool while he is outside on a space walk ?
HAL
Hal

What is Discovery One s destination ?
Jupiter
Jupiter

How many scientists are in cryogenic hibernation ?
three
Five

Where does the black monolith first appear in the story ?
In a African desert .
In an African desert millions of years ago , in the beginning of the story .

What is the Clavius Base ?
A United States outpost on the moon .
U.S station located on the moon

What is Dr. Heywood Floyd s mission on the Clavius Base ?
His mission is to investigate an artifact that is 4 million years old .
investigate an artifact

What is HAL9000 ?
Discovery One s computer system .
the ship s computer

Where did the United States send their spacecraft Discovery One ?
To Jupiter
Jupiter

What do Bowman and Poole decide to do if HAL9000 is proven wrong about his prediction ?
The astronauts agree to disconnect HAL .
disconnect Hal

How does Bowman respond when he sees Poole adrift in space ?
Bowman attempts to rescue him in a pod .
takes another pod to attempt to rescue

What does HAL do immediately after being disconnected ?
HAL begins to sing the song Daisy Bell
a prerecorded video message from Floyd reveals monolith on the moon

Why does Bowman leave the Discovery One spacecraft on Jupiter ?
To discover another monolith that is orbiting around Jupiter
To invesitgate another monolith he had discovered on the planet

What happens to Bowman at the end of the story ?
He is transformed into a fetus that is enclosed in an orb of light .
He transforms into a fetus enclosed in a clear orb of light .

What are the tribes of man-apes competing for ?
A water hole .
The watering hole .

Where does a Pan-Am space plane take Dr. Heywood Floyd ?
To a space station .
A space station

What is the name of the United States outpost on the moon ?
Clavius Base .
Clavius Base

What is Dr Floyd s mission ?
To investigate an artifact found .
To investigate an artifact

What is the artifact found ?
A monolith .
A monolith

Where is the Discovery One bound for ?
Jupiter .
Jupiter

What is the Discovery s computers name ?
Hal 9000
HAL 9000

What do Bowman and Poole enter so they can talk without Hal hearing ?
An EVA pod .
an EVA pod

What does Hal do while Poole is outside ?
Takes control of the pod and attacks Poole .
attacks Poole

What song does Hal sing to Bowman ?
Daisy Bell .
Daisy Bell

