What is Goose s real name and title ?
Nick Bradwhaw , Radar Intercept Officer
LTJG Nick Bradshaw

Over what body of water do the characters intercept MiG-28s ?
The Indian Ocean
The Indian Ocean

Why does Maverick fly his plane parallel and invert it ?
To give the finger to one of the MiG-28 pilots .
Because his father died and it is his reputation to do so .

How did Maverick s father die ?
His plane was shot down during the Vietnam war .
Shot down during Vietnam War

Who does Maverick fail to seduce at a bar ?
Charlie , a Top Gun instructor .
Charlotte charlie a top gun instructor .

What does Viper set Maverick up for during training ?
His wingman can shoot him down from behind .
He gets him to leave his wingman .

What causes Maverick s F-14 to have a flameout and flat spin ?
He flies through jet wash of Iceman s plane .
He flies through the jet wash of Iceman s plane .

How does Goose die ?
The ejection impact slammed his head into the canopy .
His head was slammed into the aircraft canopy

Who wins top pilot at graduation ?
Iceman
Iceman

What did Viper reveal to Maverick about his father ?
He died a hero , not at his own fault .
That he died a hero .

What assignment does Maverick choose after successfully completing his final mission in this story ?
To return to Top Gun as an Instructor .
Instructor at Top Gun

Who is Duke Mitchell in relation to Maverick ?
His father .
His father

What maneuver did Maverick perform that caught the attention of Charlie Blackwood ?
a negative-g pushover
He inverted his plane

What is Nick Bradshaw s nickname ?
Goose
Goose

What surprising information does Maverick learn about Charlotte Blackwood the second time he encounters her ?
That she is an instructor at Top Gun .
That she is an astrophysicist and a civilian Top Gun instructor

How did Maverick s father die ?
He was shot down during a mission in Viet Nam .
Was shot down

Between Goose and Maverick , which one is the most cautious in flight missions ?
Goose
Goose

What caused the flame-out of both engines in Maverick s F-14 , in the incident that led to the death of Goose ?
Maverick s F-14 flew through the jetwash of Iceman s aircraft .
Flying through Iceman s jet wash

Who provides Maverick with the information that supports his belief that his father'scrash was not his father s fault ?
Iceman
Viper

What was the crisis situation that brought Maverick and Iceman together in a flight mission at the end of the story ?
A sticken U.S. communications ship had drifted into hostile waters and needed to be rescued .
There was a communications ship in trouble .

Why does Cougar quit his fighter pilot career ?
Concerns over his newborn son
He nearly dies and has a newborn he has never seen .

Who escorts Cougar back to the carrier when he freezes up during a training mission ?
Maverick
Maverick

Who gets sent to the Top Gun school along with Maverick ?
Goose
Goose

What carrier did Maverick s father serve on during the Vietnam war ?
USS Oriskany
The USS Oriskany

Who calls Maverick s engagement with Jester an example of what not to do ?
Charlie
Charlie

Who was killed during a botched jettison in a training exercise ?
Goose
Goose

Which of the Top Gun instructors flew with Maverick s father ?
Viper
Viper

Who wins the award for top pilot during graduation from the Top Gun academy ?
Iceman
Iceman

What assignment does Maverick choose near the end of the story ?
Top Gun instructor
He returns as an instructor at Top Gun .

Where do Maverick and Charlie reunite ?
A bar at Miramar
In a bar in Miramar

