Where does the story take place ?
Calivada
Calivada

What do Lightnin ' Bill Jones and his wife do for a living ?
Operate a hotel
Operate a seedy hotel

What state line is the hotel located on ?
The California-Nevada state line
California and Nevada

Who said , We call him Lightnin ' because he ai n't ?
A local postmaster
The local postmaster

Who does Lightnin ' Bill brag about advising ?
General Ulysses S. Grant
Ulysses S. Grant

Who claimed to be a judge , inventor , detective , and bee keeper ?
Lightnin ' Bill
Lightnin ' Bill

What would Lightnin ' Bill rather do than spend time with family ?
Carousing with cronies
Carousing with cronies

Who files for a divorce ?
Lightnin ' Bill s wife
Lightnin ' Bill s wife

Who wants to buy the hotel ?
A group of out of town businessmen
group of out-of-town businessmen

Who helps Lightnin ' Bill win back his wife s love ?
John Marvin
John Marvin

What kind of business Lightnin ' Bill Jones and his wife oprated ?
Lightnin ' Bill Jones and his wife operated seedy hotel ?
a hotel

What did local postmaster say about Bill Jones ?
Local postmaster said We call him Lightnin ' because he ai n't .
We call him Lighnin ' because he ai n't

Who is a civil war veteran ?
Lighnin ' Bill is a civil war veteran .
Lightnin ' Bill Jones

Why did Lighnin ' Bill claims to be jack of all trade ?
Because Lighnin ' Bill have been a judge , inventor , detective and bee keeper .
To brag

Who did Lighnin ' Bill brag to have advised ?
General Ulysses S. Grant
Ulysses S. Grant

Why was Lighnin ' Bill not home with his wife and adopted daughter ?
Because Lighnin ' Bill like to spend his day and night carousing with cronies .
He was carousing with cronies

What happen when Lighnin ' Bill refused to sell his hotel ?
Bill wife filed for divorce .
His wife filed for divorce .

Who help Lighnin ' Bill with his case in court ?
John Marvin
John Marvin

How did Lighnin ' Bill and John Marvin win the case ?
Lighnin ' Bill and John Marrvin proved that the buyers are unsrupulous scoundrels
by proving that the prospective hotel buyers were unscrupulous scoundrels

What happen when Lighnin ' Bill win his court case ?
Lighnin ' Bill wins back the love of his wife .
wins back the love of his wife

What was the postmaster s explanation for Bill s nickname ?
We call him Lighnin ' because he ai n't
they call him Lightnin ' because he is n't

What war did Bill claim he served in ?
The Civil War
Civil War

Why did Bill s wife file for divorce ?
She was furious because he would n't sell the hotel
he refused to sell the hotel and she became furious

What animal did Bill claim he once drove across the prairie in winter without a single loss of life ?
Bees
bee

Where was the hotel that Bill and his wife operated ?
On the California-Nevada state line .
Nevada

Who helped Bill win his court case ?
John Marvin
John Marvin

What general did Bill claim he advised during the war ?
Ulysses S. Grant
Ulysses S. Grant

Rather than spending time with his family , what did Bill prefer to do day and night ?
Go carousing with his cronies
Carousing with cronies

What types of children does Bill have ?
An adopted daughter
an adopted daughter

What happened to Bill s relationship with his wife at the end of the story ?
Bill wins back her love .
They reconcile

