Where does the story take place ?
Los Angeles
It starts in Los Angeles , but proceeds during a trip to Oakland .

Where does Justice get her name ?
Her mother named her that while attending law school
Her mother

What happened to Markell that put Justice into depression ?
He was killed in a shooting
He was shot to death .

On the way to Oakland , where does the group go on their first detour ( after they see signs on the road ) ?
a family reunion
A family reunion barbecue .

Why is Justice going to Oakland ?
to go to a hair show
For a hair show

Who is Keisha ?
Lucky s daughter
Lucky s daughter

Where does the group ( Lucky , Justice , and Iesha ) leave Chicago ?
On the side of the road
By the side of the road .

When the group gets to Oakland , why does Lucky become mad at Justice ?
His cousin was killed and he blames Justice for distracting him
For distracting him

Who gives Lucky his recording equipment ?
His aunt and uncle
His Uncle and Aunt

Where does Justice run into Lucky and Keisha after returning to Oakland ?
at the salon
Lucky and Keisha come into the hair salon - but from the story it appears to be back in Los Angeles , not Oakland

Where does Justice live ?
South Central , Los Angeles
South Central Los Angeles

How did Justice get her name ?
Her mother was a law student .
her mother named her Justice while attending law school

Which event sends Poetic into spiraling depression ?
Her boyfriend was murdered .
Her boyfriend Markell is shot and killed

What is Justice s special talent ?
She writes poetry .
she writes poetry

Where does Justice meet Lucky ?
At the hair salon where she works .
At her job at the hair salon .

Which city are Justice , Lucky , lesha and Chich headed to on their road trip ?
Oakland
Oakland

Who is left behind on the road trip ?
Chicago
Chicago

What happens to Lucky s cousin ?
He is shot and killed .
He was killed in a shooting .

Who is Keisha ?
Lucky s daughter
Lucky s daughter

Why does Chicago hit lesha ?
He finds out she is seeing someone else .
She is cheating on him .

Why does Justice get hurt on the road trip ?
Chicago is upset that , Justice hit her in the groin and decided to hurt her in retaliation .
Because Chicago attacked her after she defended Iesha

What do Justice and her boss pretend to be when Lucky walks into the salon , why ?
Justice and her boss pretend to be lesbians because she does not want to deal with his flirting .
Lesbians to mess with / dismiss Lucky

What happens to Justice s boyfriend ?
Justice s boyfriend Markell was shot .
He gets shot and dies

Why do Justice and Lucky spend time apart after being together ?
Lucky blames Justice for being distracted on the road and not coming to Oakland sooner to prevent his cousins death .
They have a fight .

How does Lucky know Chicago ?
Chicago knows Lucky because they are co-workers at the post-office .
he works with him at the post office

Why does Keisha live with Lucky ?
He had to take her away from her mother because she was addicted to drugs .
her mother is a crack addict who has been endangering the child

How did Justice get her name ?
Her mom gave birth to her during law-school .
Her mother gave birth to her while in law school .

Where does Justice work and what does she do ?
Justice works at the beauty salon and does hair .
she works at a hair salon , styling hair

What happens to Lesha and Chicago at the barbecue ?
Lesha gets very drunk and flirts with different men even though she is dating Chicago .
Iesha flirts with other guys and it makes Chicago mad

Who s house does Justice live in and how did she get it ?
Justice lives in her grandmothers house , which she inherited from her .
She lives in her grandmother s house , which she inherited .

