What is the name of the school teacher s fiancee ?
Eva
Eva

What does the pastor make the children wear as a reminder of the innocence in which they had strayed ?
White ribbon
White ribbon

How long were the school teacher and the nanny ( Eva ) engaged before being married ?
one year
One year

What was the event on the day the baron s young son went missing ?
Harvest Festival
the harvest festival

How was the pastor s parakeet killed ?
impaled with scissors
By being impaled by scissors .

Who gave the midwife evidence regarding the strange events happening ?
her son
Her son

After what tragic event did the farmer die ?
his wife s death
his wife died at the sawmill

What war is mentioned at the end of the story ?
the war on Serbia by Austria-Hungary
The war on Serbia by Austria-Hungary .

What is the first unexplained event to be mentioned in the story ?
The doctor is thrown from horse after wires were stretched between 2 trees
The Doctor fell off his horse .

Who confronts the pastor regarding the unusual events ?
The school teacher
the schoolteacher

Why did the pastor make the children wear white ribbons ?
To remind them that they had strayed from their innocence .
They serve a reminder of the purity they have strayed from .

What did the pastor do when his son confessed to impure touching ?
He tied his hands to the bed frames every night .
tie his hands to his bed frame each night

How did the doctor treat the village children in the beginning of the story ?
He treated them kindly .
kindly

Why did the doctor fall from his horse ?
There was a wire stretched between two trees .
Because he ran into a wire that was placed between trees .

Why did the farmer hang himself ?
He was grieving his wive s death .
he was heartbroken about his dead wife

Why did the steward at the baron s estate thrash the his son ?
His was a thief .
petty theft

Who did the schoolteacher suspect had prior knowledge about the local troubles ?
The pastor s children .
The pastor s children .

How was the midwife able to commandeer a bicycle from the schoolteacher ?
She said she had evidence for the police given tot her by her son .
She says she has evidence to give to the police

Who did the doctor humiliate ?
His housekeeper , the local mid-wife .
His Housekeeper

Who did they find the doctor with at night ?
His teenage daughter .
His teenage daughter

What is the setting of the parable ?
Eichwald , Germany 1913-1914
Eichwald , Germany

Why does the pastor have the children wear white ribbons ?
To remind them of their straying from innocence
Reminder of innocence and purity

What is Eva s job ?
She s a nanny
Being a nanny .

What is the punishment the pastor s son must endure for improper touching ?
He ties the boy s hands to the bedframe each night
has his hands tied to the bed each night

Who marries Eva ?
The school teacher
The schoolteacher was expected to .

How long was the engagement of Eva to the school teacher ?
one year
1 year

How does the doctor fall ?
A wire between two trees trips him from his horse
A wire stretched between trees makes him fall off his horse

How does the famer s wife die ?
She falls through rotten floor boards at the sawmill
She fell through rotten floorboards in the sawmill .

What did the midwife borrow from the school teacher to go into town ?
a bicycle
bicycle

What war is declared at the end of the story ?
War on Serbia by Austria-Hungary
Austria-Hungary declares war on Serbia .

