What is the synthetic skin developed for ?
to help acid burn victims
ACID BURN VICTIMS

What is in the Bellasrious memorandum ?
Proof that Strack has been bribing members of the zoning committee
Zoning document

What is the name of Dr. Westlake s assistant ?
Yakatito
Yakatito

In the beginning what is the main problem with the synthetic skin ?
it only lasts 99 minutes
It does not last for more than 99 minutes

Who disfigures Dr. Westlake ?
Durant and his henchmen
DURANT S GANG

What are the side effects of Dr. Westlake loosing his tactile sense ?
enhanced strength and mental desablization
ABUNDANT STRENGTH AND MENTAL ISSUES

Who is the first person Dr. Westlake impersonates ?
Durant
Durant

Where does the fight between Westlake and Strack take place ?
on unfinished building floor
In an unfinished building .

How is Strack killed ?
he is thrown off a buliding
Dropped off a building .

Why does n't Westlake return to his old life after everything is finished ?
He believes that he changed to much and is now too vicious
WITH CHANGES INSIDE AND OUTSIDE HIS HAS BECAME UNPRODICTABLE AND DANGEROUS

What is the name of the scientist in the story ?
Dr. Peyton Westlake
Peyton west lake

What is Dr. Westlake attempting to create in the story ?
Synthetic skin for acid burn victims .
SYNTHETIC SKIN

While creating the synthetic skin , what problem is Dr. Westlake running into ?
The synthetic skin rapidly deteriorates after 99 minutes .
it only lasts 99 minutes

Who is Dr. Westlake s girlfriend ?
Julie Hastings
Julie

What is Julie Hastings ' profession ?
She is an attourney
attorney

What is the name of Dr. Westlake s assistant ?
Yakatito
Yakatito

During Westlake s treatment in the hospital after his lab explosion , what radical treatment does he undergo ?
His nerves of the spinothalamic tract were cut , leaving him unable to feel pain .
The spinothalamic tract is severed .

What is the name of the man who destroyed Dr. Westlake s laboratory ?
Robert Durant
Durant and his gang

What is Robert Durant s association ?
He is a Mobster
Mobster

At the end of the story , what does Dr. Westlake demand to be called ?
Darkman
Darkman .

How long does Professor Wetlake s original synthetic skin last ?
The skin lasts 99 minutes .
99 minutes

Why does the skin disintegrate after 99 minutes ?
It is photosensitive .
It is photosensitive .

Who was Strack collaborating with throughout the story ?
Robert Durant
Zoning commison

Who does Westlake impersonate to get revenge ?
Robert Durant
HIS ENEMIES

Why did Durant and his men disfigure and try to kill Westlake ?
They were looking for the Bellasarious Memorandum .
BELLASARIOUS MEMORANDUM

What was Strack planning that made Julie refrain from turning him in ?
A new city .
building a new city

How does Westlake hide his disfigured face ?
With a digitized mask .
MASK HE MADE

What did Westlake ask Julie to do before she left his lab before he was burned ?
Marry him .
To marry him

What was Louis Strack doing that Julie Hastings wanted to turn him in for ?
Bribing members of the zoning commission .
He was bribing people on the zoning commission

What does Julie say when she finds out Westlake s face is disfigured ?
Julie says she still loves Westlake .
SHE STILL LOVES HIM

