Since Emmeline is an orphan , who supported her ?
Her father s brother , Lord Montreville .
her fathers brother , Lord Montreville

What is the name of the family home ?
Mowbray Castle .
Mowbray Castle .

What is the name of Lord Montreville s son who fall in love with Emmeline ?
Lord Delamere .
Melevere

Where does Lord Delamere plan to take Emmeline after he abducts her ?
To Scotland .
Scotland

Who does Lord Delamere s sister Augusta marry ?
Lord Westhaven .
Lord Westhaven .

What does Delamere promise his mother after she falls ill ?
That he will not see Emmeline for one year .
He will stay away from Emmeline for 1 year .

Who does Emmeline marry ?
Gedolphin
Godolphin .

What rumors are circulated by the Crofts ?
That Emmeline is not faithful to Delamere .
Rumors that Emmeline had been cheating .

Where does Emmeline travel to with Mrs. Stafford and Augusta ?
France .
They go to France .

What does Emmeline discover in France ?
That her parents were indeed married and , therefore , she should inherit Mowbray Castle .
That her parents were married and she can inherit a castle .

Where does Emmeline lives ?
She lives in Pembroke , Wales .
In Pembroke , Wales .

Where are Emmeline parents ?
Her parents are dead .
They are deceased .

Who supports Emmeline ?
Her fathers brother Lord Montreville supports her .
Augusta .

Who is Lord Delemare ?
Lord Delemare is Emmeline s Uncle s son , her cousin .
Lord Montreville s son .

Why does Emmeline refuse Delemare s proposal ?
She refused his proposal because his father did n't approve and she only feels sisterly affection towards him .
His father does n't approve and she only loves him as a brother .

Who is the Croft Family ?
The Croft family are lawyers trying to rise in the society and have influence and control over Lord Montreville .
Lawyers

Who is Augusta ?
Augusta is Emmeline s friend and Delemare s sister
Delamere s sister .

What does Emmeline discover in France ?
She discovered that her parents were actually married and she inherits the castle .
That she is not illegitimate and can inherit Mowbray Castle .

Why did Lord Montreville handed the estate to Emmeline ?
Montreville found out he was duped by the Crofts .
She shows her parents were actually married .

How did Delemare die ?
He died fighting a duel over his sisters love
In a dual .

Why was Emmeline not able to initially inherit Mowbray Castle ?
She was told her parents were n't married when she was born .
She was believed to be an illegitimate daughter .

Who is Lord Montreville s son ?
Lord Delamere
Delamere

Who does Emmeline marry ?
Godolphin
Godolphin

Who is Godolphin s sister ?
Adelina
Adelina

What do the Crofts do for a living ?
They are lawyers
They were Lawyers

Who abducts Emmeline ?
Delamere
Delamere

Who is Augusta related to ?
She is Delamere s sister
Delamere

How does Delamere die ?
Fighting a duel over his sister s lover
He dies in a duel .

How does Lady Montreville die ?
With anxiety over Delamere s condition
She becomes too anxious over her son s illness .

Why does Adelina go insane ?
She fears Lord Westhaven s chastisement
Because Adelina was afraid what her brother will say to her .

