Where was Jason Bourne found by the fisherman ?
The Midterranean Sea
Mediterranean Sea .

What did the skipper of the boat find in Jason Bournes hip ?
a tiny laser projector
A laser

What is the name of the CIA black ops program that wants to capture Jason Bourne ?
Operation Treadstone
Treadstone .

Who was the exiled African dictator the CIA wanted to assassinate ?
Nykwana Wombosi
Wombosi

How much does Jason give Marie Kreutz to deliver him to Paris ?
$ 20,000
$ 20,000

Who are the three agents sent to take down Bourne ?
Castel , Manhiem and the Professor
Castel , Manheim , and the Professor

Who was the agent who assassinated Wombosi ?
The Professor
Manheim

What is the name of Marie s brother in law that Borne and Marie stay with in the French Countryside ?
Eamon
Eamon

What was the name of the man who sent agents to kill Bourne ?
Alexander Conklin
Alexander Conklin

WHo is the CIA Director who decommissioned Operation Treadstone ?
Ward Abbot
Alexander Conklin

What is the profession of the men who rescue the unconscious American ?
Fishermen .
Fishermen

What does the laser projector found in the unconscious American do ?
Provides the safety deposit number .
Gives the number of a safe deposit box

What is inside the safety deposit box ?
Money , passports , identity cards , and a gun .
Money , ID s , and a gun

In the fight between Bourne , Marie , and Castel , who dies ?
Castel
Castel

Who planted a body in the Paris morgue ?
Conkin
Alexander Conklin

Why does Bourne decide not to meet with Conkin ?
Conkin brought backup to their meeting .
because Conklin has brought back-up

Where does Conkin s tracking device lead Bourne ?
Treadstone s safe house
treadstones safe house

Who kills Conkin ?
Manheim
Manheim

What is the name of the new project that replaces Treadstone ?
Blackbriar
Blackbriar

What is Marie doing when Bourne finds her at the end of the story ?
Renting out scooters on Mykonos .
Renting scooters to tourists .

Where is Jason Bourne found unconscious in the beginning of the story ?
Mediterranean Sea
Mediterranean Sea

What type of wound does Bourne have in his back ?
Two gunshot wounds .
Gunshot

When the laser under Bourne s hip is activated , what does it show ?
The number to a safety deposit box in Zurich .
gives the number of the safety deposit box

What does Bourne find inside the safety deposit box ?
Money of several different currencies , passports and I.D . cards with his picture , and a handgun .
money , passports , identity cards , handgun

How does Bourne evade the Swiss police ?
By using his U.S. Passport to enter the American Consolate
By using his U.S passport to enter the American consulate

At whose home in the French countryside do Bourne and Marie take residence ?
Marie s brother Eamon
Marie s step brother

How does Bourne discover the location of the Treadstone safehouse ?
By placing a tracking device on Conklin s car
A tracking device

Who kills Conklin ?
Manheim , under the orders of Abbtott .
Manheim

What new project is being created in the aftermath of Treadstone being decommisioned ' ?
Blackbriar
Blackbriar

