What is the name of the lunar shuttle in this story ?
Mayflower One
Mayflower One

In beginning of story , what is occurring that the Sarge does n't like ?
rush to launch from Houston
The shuttle is bring rushed to launch

What is the name of the computer officer on board ?
Elaine Dickinson
Elaine Dickinson .

What is the name of the artificial intelligence onboard Mayflower One ?
ROK
ROK

Why did Joe Seluchi board the Mayflower One with a bomb ?
to commit suicide so wife can collect insurance
to commit suicide

After leaving Elaine , where was Striker committed to ?
an insane asylum
Insane asylum .

Who revealed Seluchi had a bomb on the Mayflower One ?
the air traffic controller
Steve McCroskey

What happened to Striker in Macho Grande ?
He lost his whole crew .
He lost his entire squadron

Why did Striker escape the asylum ?
He heard about the upcoming lunar shuttle launch .
to go on the lunar shuttle

Who got married at the end of the story ?
Ted and Elaine
Ted and Elaine

How was Striker put in an insane asylum ?
He was declared mentally incompetent in lawsuit .
a lawsuit declared him mentally incompetent

Why did Striker believe that the lawsuit was used to silence him ?
He knew about problems with the lunar shuttle that made it unsafe .
He knew that the lunar shuttle was unsafe .

What did Striker know about the test flight that Ted piloted ?
That the lunar shuttle crashed .
It had its own problems .

When did Striker escape the asylum ?
When he read about the lunar shuttle launch .
when he learns of a moon shuttle launch

When did Striker buy tickets for the Lunar Shuttle Launch ?
After he read about the launch and escaped the asylum .
after escaping the asylum

What happens when the Mayflower One suffers a short circuit ?
ROK goes insane and sends the ship towards the sun .
The computer went crazy and sent the shuttle towards the sun .

What is ROK ?
An artificially intelligent computer .
an intelligent computer on the shuttle

Why did Joe the passenger take a bomb on the plane ?
To commit suicide so that his wife can claim insurance money .
To commit suicide .

How does Striker get the bomb from Joe ?
He wrestles him .
wrestles it away

How did Striker blow up ROK ?
He used the bomb he took from Joe .
He wrestled the bomb from the passenger and used it to blow up ROK .

What is the name of the shuttle that is voyaging to the Moon ?
The Mayflower One
Mayflower One

What dangerous course does the shuttle get sent on ?
A path to the Sun
towards the Sun

Why does Striker believe there was a lawsuit against him ?
To silence him from speaking out about the dangers on the shuttle
To silence him .

What does Joe have in his suitcase ?
A bomb
a bomb

Why did Joe want to commit suicide ?
So his wife could collect the insurance money
to keep his wife from collecting insurance money

What does Striker use to stop the haywire computer ?
The bomb that was in Joe s suitcase
a bomb

Who marries at the end of the story ?
Ted and Elaine
Ted and Elaine

What is the name of the event that Striker experienced that left him haunted ?
Macho Grande
The War

What item does Joe ask for at the end of the story ?
He wants his briefcase back
His briefcase .

Where did the Mayflower One launch from ?
Houston Texas
Houston

