When did the story take place ?
Early 1800s
1820 s

Where did Eugene Onegin come from ?
Saint Petersburg
St. Petersburg .

How did Eugene Onegin get his wealth ?
Inherited from his uncle
inheritance

How did Eugene treat Tatyana well when she express her love to him ?
He was rude and arrogant .
He does not write her back

Why did Lensky challenge Onegin to fight a duel ?
Onegin flirted with Lensky s fianccee .
because he was dancing and flirting with Olga

What did Tatyana find about Onegin by visiting his country mansion ?
She found he lived a life of many literary heroes .
She thinks he is not who he says he is

Where did Onegin meet Tatyana again ?
At a high party of Saint Petersburg .
St petersburg

What had Onegin found out about Tatyana ?
She was then wealthy and beautiful .
She is now a beautiful women , but now married .

Whom was Tatyana married to ?
An aged prince , a general .
An aged prince .

How did Onegin spend most of his time ?
Onegin spent most of his time at balls , concerts , and parties .
He spent most of his time at balls , parties and concerts .

What did Onegin inherit from his uncle ?
Onegin inherited a land estate from his uncle .
He inherited an estate .

How does Onegin meet Vladimir Lensky ?
Vladimir Lensky is Onegin s neighbor , and Onegin meets Lensky when he moves to the country .
he moves to the country

When Onegin and Tatyana meet in person , what explanation does Onegin give to Tatyana for his rejection of her ?
Onegin tells Tatyana that he become bored of marriage and that he only wants to be her friend .
He tells her he would get bored of marriage .

When Onegin and Tatyana meet in person , what advice does he give her ?
Onegin tells Tatyana to show more emotionally control in the future , so that another man does not take advantage of her innocence .
to better control her emotions so that another man does not take advantage of her

When Lensky invites Onegin to Tatyana s name celebration , who does he say are invited ?
Lensky tells Onegin that Tatyana , Olga , and her parents are the only people that have been invited to Tatyana s name celebration .
Olga , Tatyana and her parents

At Tatyana s name celebration , with whom is Onegin annoyed ?
Onegin is annoyed with the guests who gossip about him and Tatyana and Lensky for inviting him under false pretenses .
With the gossiping guests , and also with Lensky

Why does Lensky challenge Onegin to a duel ?
Lensky challenges Onegin to a duel , because Onegin flirts with Olga , who is actually attracted to Onegin .
He is jealous of their flirting with eachother .

Who is Olga Larina ?
Olga Larina is Vladimir Lensky s fiance .
Lensky s fiance

When Onegin asks Tatyana to run away with him , why does she think that he suddenly loves her ?
Tatyana thinks that Onegin suddenly loves her because of her wealth and position .
Tatyana thinks he only wants her wealth and position .

Where does Eugene Onegin live ?
Saint Petersburg .
Russian Country side

What does Eugene inherit ?
An estate .
A country estate .

Who does Eugene inherit this from ?
His uncle .
He inherits his estate from his uncle .

Who is Lensky s fiance ?
Olga .
Olga

Who falls in love with Eugene ?
Tatyana .
Tatyana

What does Eugene think of the ball that is thrown ?
He is irritated .
distasteful , loud , irritating

Who does Eugene begin to flirt with ?
Olga .
Olga

Who is killed in the duel ?
Lensky .
Lensky

Who does Eugene see years later ?
Tatyana .
Tatyana

Who does Tatyana choose to be with ?
Her husband .
Her husband

