What department does Isabel Thorne work for ?
Italian Secret Service
Italian Secret Service

What ethnicity is Isabel Thorne ?
Half British and half Italian
half British and half Italian

What profession is Thorne s brother ?
He is an inventor
Inventor

What are members of the Secret Service trying to prevent ?
The signing of the Latin compact .
The signing of the Latin compact

Who falls in love with Thorne ?
Grimm
Grimm .

Why does Thorne become estranged from the Italian government ?
To prevent Grimm from being murdered
She does not want Grimm

What did Thorne s brother invent ?
He invented a secret weapon
missles can be fired from submarine

Who does Thorne unite with at the end of the story ?
Grimm
Grimm

What is the Latin compact ?
It will bring individuals that do not have diplomatic immunity to justice .
the secret compact , Isabel Thorne , has been hired to get signed .

Who is the heroine ?
Isabel Thorne
Isabel Thorne , an Italian Secret Service agent .

Who does Thorne work for ?
the Italian Secret Service
The U.S. Secret Service

What kind of profession does her brother have ?
an inventor
he is an inventor

What did her brother invent ?
He invented a weapon that will allow missiles to be fired from submarines .
A secret weapon allowing missiles to be launched from submarines .

What was the name of the contract Thorne was working on ?
Latin Compact
Latin compact .

What happened to Grimm ?
He was captured
He was captured

What was the point of the secret weapon devised by Thorne s brother ?
to secure military domination
to secure military domination over the rest of the world

The US Secret Service were trying to prevent what ?
the signing of the contract
the signing of the Latin Compact

The US Secret Service were trying to bring justice to who ?
everyone involved who did not have immunity
The persons involved in the plot who have no diplomatic immunity

What kind of heritage does Thorne have ?
British and Italian
Italian

What government does Thorne work for ?
the Italian government
Italian Secret Service

What is the ethnicity of Isabel Thorne ?
She is half Italian and half British
half British , half Italian

Who developed a secret weapon ?
Isabel Thorne s brother
Isabel Thorne s brother

Who is trying to prevent the signing of this compact ?
The U.S. secret service
Some members of the U.S. Secret Service

What is the goal of this secret weapon ?
To ensure military domination of the world
to secure military domination over the world

Who does Grimm fall in love with ?
Isabel Thorne
Italian agent , Isabel Thorne .

Why does Isabel Thorne become detached from her government ?
Because she does not want Grimm to be murdered
because she is in love with Grimm , who has been captured , and does not want him to be murdered because of what he knows

What has happened to Grimm ?
He has been captured
He was taken by conspirators .

What happens to Isabel Thorne at the end of the novel ?
She unites with Grimm
She is reuinted with her lover .

Who does Isabel Thorne work for ?
The Italian secret service
Italian Secret Service

What does her job want her to do ?
She has been assigned to ensure the signing of a secret contract
To bring about the signing of the Latin compact .

Which countries are Isabel s parents from , according to the story ?
Italy and Great Britain
England and Italy

Where does Isabel work ?
the Secret Service in Italy
Secret Service

What does Isabel s brother do for a living ?
he s an inventor
An Inventor

How is the secret contract Isabel is involved in referred to in the story ?
as the Latin compact
Latin Compact

Where are the representatives expected to sign the secret contract from , according to the story ?
America and Europe
in the capital of the enemy

What is the purpose of the weapon Isabel s brother created ?
fire missiles from submarines
It allows submarines to fire missiles

Which organization did Grimm work for , according to the story ?
the US Secret Service
U.S. Secret Service

Who does Isabel fall in love with in the story ?
Grimm
A young representative named Grimm

Why does Isabel leave the Italian Secret Service ?
to save Grimm s life
Does not want Grimm to be murdered

When does Grimm reunite with Isabel ?
after she loses her belongings and government position
At the end of the story

