Which one of Neil McCauley s crew did n't take any part in the bank robbery ?
Trejo was n't there .
Trejo

How much money was McCauley s crew expected to rob at the bank ?
The score was at least $ 12 million .
1.6 Million

Who killed the first guard from the armored car robbery ?
Waingro killed the first guard .
Waingro

Why did Lieutenant Hanna rush Lauren to the hospital ?
She attempted suicide by slicing her leg in the bathtub .
Lauren attempted to commit suicide

Who was the only member of McCauley s crew who was n't killed ?
Chris Shiherlis was wounded but survived .
Shiherlis

Who was behind the ambush of McCauley s crew when they went to exchange the bearer bonds ?
Roger Van Zant betrayed McCauley s crew .
Roger Van Zant

To what country were McCauley and Eady going to escape ?
New Zealand was the country .
New Zealand

How did McCauley distract the security guards at Waingro s hotel towards the end ?
McCauley pulled the fire alarm .
He pulls a fire alarm .

What did McCauley offer to Lieutenant Hanna as he lay dying ?
McCauley gave Lieutenant Hanna his hand to hold .
His hand

Who does Neil McCauley hire to help him and his crew rob $ 1.6 million in bearer bonds from an armored car ?
Waingro
Waingro

Who is the original owner of the bonds stolen from the armored car that Waingro helped rob ?
Roger Van Zant
Roger Van Zant

Who is the LAPD Lieutenant investigating McCauley and his crew ?
Vincent Hanna
Vincent Hanna

Where does McCauley meet Eady , with whom he starts a relationship ?
In a cafe
A Cafe

Who pulls over McCauley on the freeway before inviting him to coffee ?
Hanna
Lieutenant Hanna

Who does McCauley recruit into his crew after Trejo withdraws from the robbery ?
Donald Breedan
Donald Breedan

Where does McCauley say he plans to flee with Eady in a conversation after he kills Van Zant ?
New Zealand
New Zealand

Who is detained in a police safehouse and threatened with criminal charges if she does n't betray Shiherlis to police ?
Charlene
Charlene

Who does Hanna find unconscious in his hotel room from an attempted suicide ?
Lauren
Lauren

Who does Hanna watch die after mortally wounding him ?
McCauley
McCauley

What is Neil McCauley s profession ?
He is a career criminal/burglar .
a career criminal

Whar does McCauley hire Waingro to do ?
Help rob an armored car .
Help rob an armored car .

What is the value of the bearer bonds in the armored car ?
One point six million dollars .
$ 1.6 million

Who is Nate ?
McCauley s fence .
McCauley s fence

Who does Nate suggest that McCauley sell the bonds to ?
Back to their original owner , Roger Van Zant .
Roger Van Zant

What is McCauley s next planned heist after robbing the armored car ?
Robbing a precious metals depository .
A precious metals depository

Who does Vincent Hanna work for ?
Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) .
the LAPD

Why does Vincent Hanna move into a hotel ?
He finds out his wife is having an affair .
His wife is having an affair

What does Hanna do when he pulls McCauley over on the freeway ?
Hanna invites McCauley to have coffee with him .
Invites him for coffee

Who is Lauren ?
Hanna s stepdaughter .
Hanna s step daughter

