How many children do Pete and Debbie have ?
2 .
2

Who gave Pete the Viagra ?
Barry
His friend Barry

What type of business does Debbie own ?
a boutique
A boutique

What is the name of Pete and Debbie s teenager ?
Sadie
Sadie

Where do Pete and Debbie go for her birthday ?
To a resort .
a resort

What does Debbie learn from her gynecologist ?
That she is pregnant .
She is pregnant

What reunion is Pete trying to promote at his record label ?
Graham Parker and the Rumour .
Graham Parker & The Rumor

Why does Debbie yell at Joseph ?
Because he is taunting Sadie .
he was taunting Sadie

What did Jodi steal money to buy ?
Oxycontin .
to buy Oxycontin

Who is Catherine to Joseph ?
His mother .
mother

What causes Debbie and Pete to talk out loud at the resort about how they d kill each other ?
They both get high from eating marijuana cookies .
eating marijuana cookies

What does Debbie tell Pete to do to help their financial situation ?
To not let his dad borrow any more money from them .
Stop lending money to his dad .

Why does Debbie decide to take her co-worker Desi out to a night club ?
She wants to tell her that she believes Desi is robbing money from the business .
Debbie wants to confront Desi about her suspicions that she s been stealing money from the store .

Where does Desi get confronted by Debbie about the missing money ?
At Desi s home .
Desi gets confronted at the club .

At the beginning of the story , what makes Debbie so mad ?
That Pete took a Viagra before they had sex .
She s angered because she s turning 40

What starts causing family issues right after Debbie confronts Desi and fires Jodi about stolen money ?
The fact that Sadie and Charlotte ca n't get along with each other and argue all the time .
Sadie and Charlotte fighting

Why does Debbie refuse to have sex with one of the Philadelphia Flyers team members at the club ?
Because she knew she already had a family and she was pregnant .
She is married , has two kids , and is pregnant .

How does Pete react about Debbie s pregnancy after he goes to the hospital ?
He tells her he s really happy , and afterwards , they make amends .
Pete is thrilled about the baby .

What makes Pete s 40th birthday party such a disaster ?
He argues with his dad , and then later on , he wrecks his bicycle into a car , and the driver hits him in the stomach .
they had a fight

What are Debbie s employees names ?
Desi and Jodi
desi and jodi

What is Pete s job ?
He owns a record label .
Owns his own record label

How old is Charlotte ?
Eight years old .
Charlotte is eight years old .

What do Debbie and Pete fantasize about on their romantic getaway ?
Killing each other .
How they would kill each other

How many children will Debbie and Pete have after she gives birth to her latest child ?
Three
Three .

What type of team does the player who hit on Debbie play on ?
Hockey
hockey

Where was Debbie located when she was hit on ?
At a pub
At a club .

At what special event does Pete confront his dad about loaning him money ?
His 40th birthday
Pete confronts his father at his 40th birthday party .

At what point in the story do Debbie and Larry reconcile ?
At the hospital
At the hospital

How does Pete feel about having another baby at the end of the story ?
thrilled
thrilled

