Where is the Tin Woodman s palace ?
in the Winkie Country
In Winkie Country

Who is Nimmie Amee ?
the ward of the Wicked Witch of the East who the Tinman loved
The Wicked Witch of the East s ward

How did the Tin Woodsman turn into tin ?
The Wicked Witch of the East cursed him to chop off his limbs and they turned to tin .
He chopped off his limbs and the replacements were made from tin .

What was the Tin Woodsman truned into in the Yoop Valley ?
a tin owl
A tin owl

Who found the Tin Woodsman after he rusted in the forest ?
Dorothy and the Scarecrow
Dorothy and the Scarecrow .

Who is Captain Fy-ter ?
Another rusted tinman that they find in the woods
A soldier who pursued Nimmie Amee after the Woodman .

What do the tinmen find in the barrel at the tinsmith s house ?
Most of their body parts that were chopped off
Assorted body parts .

What did the tinsmith use the missing body parts for ?
He created his assistant Chopfyt with them
He used them to create his assistant , Chopfyt,

Where did the tinmen finally find their beloved Nimmie Amee ?
In a cottage in Munchkin country
At the summit of Mount Munch

Who is Nimmie Amee married to now ?
Chopfyt , the tinsmith s assistant
Chopfyt

Who is Ku-Klip ?
The tinsmith .
He is the tinsmith .

Who enchanted the Tin Woodman s axe ?
The Wicked Witch of the East .
The Wicked Witch of the east

Who is Nimmie Amee ?
The ward of the Wicked Witch of the East who is loved by the Woodman .
The Wicked Witch of the East s ward .

Who gave the Tin Woodman a new heart ?
The wizard of Emerald City .
The Wizard

After Woot shames him , why does the Tin Woodman return to Munchkin Country ?
To find Nimmie Amee .
To find Nimmie Amee

Who travels to Gillikin Country with the Tin Woodman ?
Woot and the Scarecrow .
The Scarecrow .

Who lives in Yoop Valley ?
The giantess Mrs. Yoop .
The giantess Mrs. Yoop .

What is used by Whoop so that he , the Tin Woodman , the Scarecrow , and Polychrome can escape from Mrs. Yoop ?
The magic apron which open doors and barriers .
A magic apron

Why does Nimmie Amee refuse to return to the Emerald City with the Tin Woodman ?
Because she is happily married to Chopfyt .
She does n't want to leave her domestic life

Where is Nimmie Amee s cottage located ?
At the summit of Mount Munch which is on the eastern border of Munchkin Country .
The Munchkin Country

Where is the Woodman s palace located ?
In the Winkie country
In Winkie Country

Who restores Scarecrow and the Woodman to their rightful forms ?
Ozma
Ozma .

Why does n't Nimmie Amee want to become Empress ?
Because she is happy and married
She is married to Chopfyt and does n't want to marry the Tin Woodman .

Who tells the Tin Woodman and the the Tin Soldier where Nimmie Amee lives ?
a rabbit
A rabbit

Why do the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier want to find Nimmie Amee ?
They want her heart to choose one of them
They love her

What is the Scarecrow stuffed with after they feed the Hip-po-gy-raf his straw ?
He is stuffed with hay .
Hay

What is Chopfyt s arm made out of ?
Tin
Tin

What did the Wicked Witch of the East enchant ?
The Tin Woodman s sword
The Woodman s axe .

What did the Wizard give the Tin Woodman at the Emerald City ?
The Wizard gave the Tin Woodman a heart
A heart

What happens if the Tin Woodman gets caught in the rain ?
He rusts
He will rust

