When does Martel scold his teammates ?
When he makes a mistake .
Whenever he makes a mistake .

Who does Falco kiss on national TV ?
Annabelle .
Annabelle Farrell

Who was replaced by Falco ?
Martel .
Eddie Martel

What are the players ' striking over ?
Pay .
Salary disputes .

Who did the Sentinel players taunt ?
The replacement players .
The replacement players .

Why does Falco not show up to the date with Annabelle ?
He is depressed .
His depression .

Which players were arrested at the bar ?
The replacement players .
The replacement players .

Who was tackled right before the Sentinels ' first game ended ?
Cochran .
Cochran

Why does McGinty tell the reporter that they will need miles and miles of heart to win the game ?
To send Falco a message .
To get to Falco .

Why did Martel slide down instead of scoring a touchdown ?
To avoid an injury .
So he would n't get injured .

What job was Falco doing at the beginning of this story ?
Cleaning the bottom of people s boats .
cleaning boats

Why were the pro football players going on strike ?
Because of a salary dispute .
Salary disputes

Why had Jimmy McGinty been fired as coach ?
Because he had a fight with the star quarterback .
He was in a fight with the team s star quarterback

Why did Falco change McGinty s play to a running play in the first game ?
Falco got scared .
Because he was afraid .

What happened to the replacement players at the bar ?
They got into a fight with the regular players and were put in jail .
They are taunted , leading to a fight between the two teams

What did Falco say when he was told he was being replaced by Martel ?
That it was best for the team and Martel is a better player than he is .
Flaco said Martel was a better player .

What did McGinty tell Falco that he has ?
He has heart and Martel does n't .
Heart .

What did McGinty say on tv during the last game as a message to Falco ?
That it would take miles and miles of heart for the team to win the game .
miles and miles of heart

Why could n't the kicker kick the final field goal of the big game ?
Because some men in the audience would take his pub .
men will take his pub

What happened to the replacement players after that big game ?
They went back to their regular lives .
They went back to their regular jobs .

What university does Shane Falco play for ?
Ohio State University .
The Ohio State Univeristy

What is written on the tropy finds ?
Shane Falco , All American .
Shane Falco : All American

Why are the players striking ?
Salary Disputes .
Salary disputes .

Who is the owner of the Sentinels ?
Edward O'Neil .
Edward O'Neil

How many wins do the Sentinels need in order to advance to the playoffs ?
Three .
three

What was the halftime score of the last game of the season ?
17-0
17-0

Why is Falco s game winning touchdown brought back ?
Because of a holding call .
A holding call

Why does Falco stand Annabelle up on their date ?
Because of his depression .
He was depressed..

Why does O'Neil want Martel instead of Falco for the big game ?
Because he thinks Falco will choke during the game .
Because Falco has blown a big game in the past .

Why do the replacement team get into a fight at a bar ?
Because they are taunted by the actual Sentinel players .
The original players pick on the temporary players .

