What part of the mind does Wells find submissive ?
The past part
the part that judges and attaches importance to the past

What part of the mind does Wells find masterful ?
The future part
The type of mind that deals with the future .

What two main divisions exist within the mind according to Wells ?
The past and the future
One that attches to the past and one that attaches to the future .

What human aspects does Wells believe reach divergent and incompatible outcomes ?
The past and future parts of the mind
morality and public affairs

Why does Wells feel the past dominates publc affairs and morality ?
The past is more knowable than the future
It has a greater knowability

What does Wells feel science demonstrates about the future mind ?
It is knowable
An inductive knowledge of many things in the future is a possiblity

What question does Wells feel is the most important to consider ?
What comes after man
What is to come after man ?

What does Wells believe influences individuals the most ?
The forces behind individuals
the past-oriented mind

What type of knowledge about the future does Wells believe is attainable ?
General
Inductive knowledge

How does Wells feel about fortune telling ?
He does not believe in it
That is will never be possible

What does Wlells distinguish between ?
Two divergent types of mind
The past orientated mind .

What is one difference between the two forms ?
One is active and one is passive
The past is much better known than the future .

What is reached by these two types ?
Divergent and incompatible consequences
divergent and incompatible consequences

What has science made knowledgeable ?
a distant past
a distant , impersonal past

What complicates the problem ?
Unpredictability
We know more about the past than we do about the future .

What type of telling will never be possible ?
Fortune telling
Personal prophecy and fortune telling .

What does wells claim about the future knowledge ?
It Will be general and not individual
It is possible to induct

What does wells speculate about finally ?
What is to come after man
He speculates about what is to come after man .

What does wells consider his final question ?
The most insoluble question in the world
What is to come after man ?

What does wells conclude with ?
A statement of personal faith .
A statement of personal faith .

Who stated the discovery of future ?
Wells .
Modern science

Between which factors did wells started distinguish with ?
Two divergent types of mind .
past and future

Which adjectives Well attributes to the former ?
Legal , passive and oriental .
legal or submissibe , passive , oriental

Which two factors are not possible ?
Personal prophecy and fortune telling .
personal prophecy and fortune telling

Which part of human behavior complicates the problem ?
Unpredictability .
It s unpredictablity

What did Wells analyze ?
Well analyzes the reason for which the past oriented mind predominates .
The spheres of mortality and public affairs .

What does well tell about personal prophecy ?
The knowledge of future we may hope to gain will be general not individual .
He believes that specific personal prophecy will never be possible .

What does he tell about modern science ?
The relentless systematic criticism of phenomena .
It regards the ability to predict the future to be a criteria of validity

What was about the last part of his text ?
The question that is come after man .
The question of what is to come after man

