During Tristram s diffcult birth Dr. Slop s forceps did what to Tristram ?
crushed his nose
nose was crushed

Due to the accidents that have occured what auspicious name does Tristram s father want him named ?
Trismegistus
trismegistus

Susannah mangled the name in conveying it to whom so that he was christened Tristram ?
Curate
Trismegistus

A large and attractive nose is what numbered pet theory of Tristram s father ?
Secondly
important to a man making his way in life

How many comical mishaps does Tristram have that shape his early life ?
four
Four

Which character is described as gentle , uncomplicated and lover of his fellow man ?
Uncle Toby
Uncle Toby

In what volume does Tristram reveal his birth ?
three
Volume III

What circumstances led to Tristram having an accidental circumsion as a toddler ?
Susannah let a window sash fall as Tristram was urinating out the window because his chamberpot was missing .
A window fell on him .

At the moment of Tristram s procreation what question does his mother ask his father ?
If he remembered to wind the clock
if he remembered to wind the clock

One of the jokes of the Novel is that Tristram can not ?
Explain anything simple .
can not explain anything simply

Why does Tristram make explanatory diversions ?
To add color and context to his stories .
to add context and colour to his tale

Which two characters have opposite temperaments ?
Uncle Toby and Walter .
Tristram and Uncle Toby

How many comical mishaps shaped Tristram s life ?
Four .
four

What is the name of the country that Tristram travels through ?
France
France and Italy

What was disturbed when Tristram s mother asked his father if he remembered to wind the clock ?
Tristram s implantation in his mother s womb .
mother s womb

What did Walter say is important for a man making his way in life ?
A large and attractive nose .
nose

What happened with Dr. Slops forceps ?
They crushed Tristram s nose .
he crushed Tristram s nose

What did Tristram s father originally want to name his son ?
Trismegistus .
Trismegistus

Who incorrectly conveyed the name to the curate ?
Susannah .
susannah

What happened when Susannah accidentally dropped the window while Tristram was urinating ?
An accidental circumcision .
he was circumcised

Who is the narrator of the story ?
Tristram Shandy
Tristam s

At the moment of procreation , what did Tristram s mother ask his father ?
If he had remembered to wind the clock .
If he wound the clock .

When was Tristram s nose injured ?
At birth
when he was born

What injured Tristram s nose ?
Dr. Slop s foreceps
dr. slop s forceps

What did Tristram s father want to name him ?
Trismegistus
Trismegestus

Why did Tristram urinate out of the window ?
His chamberpot was missing .
His chamberpot is missing .

Why did Tristram s father believe a man should have a prominent nose ?
In order for a man to make his way in life
he believed it was important to a man for making his way in life

In the story , what was the parson s name ?
Yorick
Yorick

