Who does Lieutenant Saavik go on a simulated rescue mission to save ?
the crew of the Kobayashi Maru
To save the crew of the ship Kobayashi Maru which has been damaged

What does Dr. McCoy advise Admiral Kirk to do when they meet on Kirk s birthday ?
get a command rather than growing old behind a desk
Get a new command

Why is the crew of the USS Reliant tasked with finding a lifeless planet ?
for testing of the Genesis Device
It would be used for testing the Genesis Device , which would create life on the planet .

Why does Kahn want revenge on Kirk ?
He blames Kirk for the death of his wife .
He blames Kirk for the death of his wife

What two people become susceptible to mind control as a result of eels that crawl into their hosts through the ears ?
Chekov and Terrell
Captain Clark Terrell and Commander Pavel Chekov .

What does Kirk do after he stalls for time once Kahn badly damages the Enterprise and demands the Genesis Device ?
He uses the Reliant s prefix code to lower its shields , then attacks .
activates Genesis

Where does Kirk take the Enterprise when Kahn retreats ?
Regula I
The space station Regula I

What does Terrell do when Kahn orders him to kill Kirk ?
He kills himself .
Terrell kills himself

Why does Spock go to the engine room of the Enterprise ?
to restore the warp drive
To restore power to the damaged warp drive

What negative consequence occurs as a result of Spock saving the Enterprise ?
he dies
he dies

Who attacks the USS Enterprise during the simulation ?
Klingons
Reliant

Why was the simulation session held ?
to test Starfleet officers ' characters
it is for captain spock s trainees

When does the simulation take place ?
the year 2285
The year 2285

What is the purpose of the Genesis Device ?
create habitable worlds by reorganizing matter
To reorganize matter creating livable worlds for colonization

Which event caused the change to Ceti Alpha V s orbit ?
the explosion of Ceti Alpha IV
Ceti Alpha VI exploded .

Who does the tyrant blame for the death of his wife ?
Captain Kirk
Kirk

When was Khan able to control the minds of Terrell and Chekov ?
after implanting eels in their ears
When he implants indigenous creatures

Where was Spock when he was poisoned by radiation ?
in the engine room
engine room

How was a new planet formed in the nebula ?
by the explosion of Genesis
An explosion of Genesis

Which crew member helped the Enterprise escape Genesis ?
Spock
Spock

What is the Genesis Device designed to do ?
Reorganizes matter to create inhabitable planets .
It would rearrange matter to create habitable planets .

What does Khan blame Kirk for that makes him so vengeful ?
The death of his wife .
the death of his wife

How does Khan take control of Terrel and Chekov ?
With an eel ' like organism put in their ears .
with creatures that go in the ear

Who is David in relationship to Kirk ?
His son .
David is Kirk s son .

What ship does Kirk reassume command of after receiving the distress signal from Regula 1 ?
The Enterprise .
The Enterprise

Which ship do Chekov and Terrell , under mind control , capture for Khan ?
The Reliant .
USS Reliant

Which crew member sacrifices himself to fix the warp drive and save the rest of the crew ?
Spock .
spock

How does Spock incapacitate to gain acces to the engine room ?
The Vulcan nerve pinch .
vulcan nerve pinch

Who eventually activates the Genesis Device ?
Khan .
Khan Noonien Singh .

Who kills himself in defiance of the eels ' mind control in lieu of taking Kirk s life ?
Terrell .
Captain Clark Terrell

