Who is Ricky Tan ?
Inspector Lee s father s former police partner and now the leader of the Triad .
Lee s father s former partner

Why is LAPD detective James Carter in Hong Kong ?
He is there on vacation .
He is on vacation

What happens at the U.S Consulate General s ?
A bomb goes off killing two undercover U.S. customs agents .
bomb explodes

Why is Agent Isabella Molina in Hong Kong ?
She is working under cover trying to an uncover a money laundering and counterfeiting scheme .
she is undercover

Why did Sterling order Inspector Lee off the case ?
He blamed him for Ricky Tan s death .
because Tan was shot and Carter was involved

How did Ricky Tan end up with the counterfeit plates ?
He stabbed Steven Reign to death and stole them .
He stabs Steven to death after Steven gets the plates out of his safe .

How did Inspector Lee end up in Los Angeles ?
James Carter convinced him to come to L.A. with him when Lee took Carter to the airport .
Carter talks him into coming back with him .

Why was James Carter Jealous of Lee ?
Because Inspector Lee kissed Agent Molina .
Molina kisses Lee

Why did James Carter and Inspector Lee decide to go to New York city ?
James Carter won some money in Vegas and they decided to go have a good time .
Spend the money Carter won at the casino

Why did Lee and Carter go to Las Vegas ?
They found out Steven Reign was going to launder the counterfeit bills through his casino The Red Dragon there .
They are transported there by mobsters .

Where is James Carter on vacation visiting Chief Inspector Lee ?
Hong Kong
Hong Kong

Where does a bomb explode killing two undercover U.S. custom agents ?
United States Consulate General
The United States Consulate General

Who is assigned to the case of the killed U.S . Custom Agents ?
Lee
Inspector Lee

Who leads the U.S. Secret Service in the story ?
Agent Sterling
Agent Sterling

Who shoots Ricky Tan ?
Hu Li
Hu Li

Who did Carter see acting suspiciously on Tan s boat ?
Steven Reign
Steven Reign .

Who is the ex-con running a gambling operation in his Chinese restaurant ?
Kenny
Kenny

What casino is Reign laundering money through ?
Red Dragon Casino
Red Dragon Casino

Who does Tan stab to death ?
Reign
Steven Reign

Who does Lee kill by kicking him out of a window ?
Tan
Tan

Who is behind the criminal operation ?
Steven Reign
Steven Reign

What causes the death of two U.S. Customs Agents ?
There was an explosion at the U.S. Consulate General .
A bomb explosion .

Where did James Carter go for his vacation ?
Hong Kong
Hong Kong

What casino is Steven Reign laundering money through ?
Red Dragon Casino
Red Dragon Casino

Who faked his death ?
Ricky Tan
Ricky Tan

Who dies when a time bomb explodes ?
Hu Lee
Hu Li

What does Lee attempt to find while searching the Red Dragon Casino ?
He is trying to find the counterfeit money engraving plates .
Engraving plates used for the counterfeit money

What is the name of the undercover Secret Service agent ?
Isabella Molina
Isabella Molina .

At the end of the story , where do Carter and Lee go ?
New York City
New York

Who was suspected to have some involvement in the death of Chief Inspector Lee s father ?
Ricky Tan
Ricky Tan

