What makes Carl say yes to everything ?
He goes to a motivational seminar
bundley

Why has Carl become withdrawn ?
Because of his divorce
From his divorce .

What type of transporation does Allison have ?
She has a scooter
Allison has a scooter .

Why does Carl go back to his elderly neighbor Tillie for oral sex ?
Because he originally said no and more bad things happened to him
He thinks bad things are happening because he said no .

What is the name of Allison s band ?
Munchausen
Allison s band s name is Munchausen by Proxy .

How does Carl stop a man from killing himself ?
He plays the song Jumper on his guitar
He plays Jump from Third Eye Blind .

Where is the first plane out of town going ?
Lincoln , Nebraska
Lincoln , nebraska

Why does Allison begin to doubt Carl s sincerity ?
Because she finds out about his motivational promise to say yes to everything
Allison doubts Carl s sincerity because of is motivational convenant .

Why does Stephanie call Carl crying ?
Because her new boyfriend has wallked out on her
Her new boyfriend leaves her

What is Allison teaching when Carl locates her ?
A sports photography class
Sports-photography

What event prompts Carl to become withdrawn ?
divorce from his ex wife
His divorce

Where does an old colleague suggest Carl go ?
a motivational seminar Yes !
To a motivational Yes ! seminar

Why does the colleague suggest Carl go to a certain event ?
to seize the opportunity to say Yes !
Because of his increasingly negative outlook .

What does the motivational guru force Carl to promise ?
to answer yes to every opportunity , invitation , or request that presents itself
To answer yes to every opportunity , request or invitation .

Where does Carl first meet Allison ?
gas station
Gas station

Where do Carl and Allison go on their excursion ?
Lincoln , Nebraska
Nebraska

Why does Allison leave Carl ?
She doubts his sincerity .
She finds out about his covenant and feels she s not able to trust him .

What does Terrence tell Carl ?
There was never a covenant .
There was no covenant .

What was the promise really about ?
Saying yes to every opportunity , but still having ability to say no if necessary , opening mind to new ideas and opportunities
to open carl s mind

Who does Carl reconcile with in the end ?
Allison
Allison

Who Plays Carl Allen ?
Jim Carrey
Jim Carrey plays Carl Allen .

What does Carl have to promise to say ?
Yes !
yes

Where does Carl meet Allison ?
A gas station
Airport

Where do Carl and Allison fly to ?
Lincoln , Nebraska
They fly to Lincoln , Nebraska .

What happens to Carl when he checks in for a return flight ?
Detained by the FBI
He is detained by the FBI

What Band is Allison the lead singer of ?
Munchausen by Proxy
Munchausen by Proxy

What does Carl admit to Allison in the end ?
That he is not ready to move in with her , but loves her .
He is n't ready to move in together

What does Terrence tell Carl at the end ?
There is no convenant .
A covenant never existed

What happens when Carl says no to Tillie ?
He falls down the stairs and gets attacked by a dog .
he falls down steps

Who are the friends Carl is ignoring in the begining ?
Pete and Rooney
Pete and Rooney

