Why did Donovan Donaly filed for divorce ?
Because he found his wife being intimate with a ex-boyfriend
He found out his wife was cheating

In what type of cases is Miles Massey an expert attorney ?
In divorce cases
divorce

What does Donovan Donaly do for a living ?
He is a TV soap opera producer
TV soap opera producer

What did Howard D. Doyle do during his wedding with Marylin Rexroth ?
He destroyed the pre-nup agreement .
Destroy the Massey prenup

What was Wheezy Joe hired for ?
To kill Marylin
To kill Marilyn

What is the name of the program that Donovan produced , with Marylin s idea , at the end of the story ?
America s Funniest Divorce Videos
America s Funniest Divorce Videos

Who did Marylin really fell in love with at the end ?
Miles Massey
Miles .

Why did Miles Massey went to Las Vegas ?
To a divorce attorney convention
To give the keynote address at a lawyer s convention .

How did Wheezy Joe died ?
He mistakes his asthma inhaler with his gun and kills himself
Accidentally shot himself .

Who was Gus Petch ?
An opportunistic private investigator
Private investigator

Why does Donavan Donaly ask his wife Bonnie for a divorce ?
He finds her having an affair with an ex-boyfriend .
She was cheating on him

What did Miles Massey invent ?
Massey prenup
The Massey Prenup

Why did Marilyn Rexroth hire a private investigator ?
To catch her husband cheating .
To tail her husband .

Why does Miles ask Marilyn out to dinner ?
In order to have a private investigator steal information from her address book .
to get information out of her pocket book

Whose testimony ensures that Marilyn looses the divorce case against Rex ?
A hotel employee who helped her target Rex as her next husband .
Puffy Krauss von Epsy

Why does Marilyn return to see Miles after her divorce to Rex ?
To get a prenup .
Revenge .

What does Miles learn from Marilyn when they encounter each other in Vegas ?
That she is divorced and wealthy but is still unhappy .
She s lonely and tired of chasing money

Why does Miles want to stop being a divorce lawyer ?
He has fallen in love and married Marilyn .
Love is the most important thing

What does Miles plan after he finds out that Marilyn has betrayed him ?
To hire a hitman to kill her .
hire a hitman

Why does Miles change his mind about hiring a hitman ?
He found out that Marilyn inherited a large fortune from her ex-husband Rex .
Marilyn s ex-husband died leaving her a sizable fortune

What is donavan donaly profession ?
he is a tv soap opera producer .
Soap Opera producer .

Who does bonnie hire and for what ?
bonnie hires miles massey , a top divorce attorney for her divorce with donaly .
Bonnie hires Miles Massey to represent her in divorce court

Why did rex hire miles ?
rex hired mile because he couldnot afford the divorce settlement .
to represent him in a divorce

What does Sarah warn Marliyns about ?
she warned marlyns about miles being a dangerous opponent .
Miles will be a dangerous opponent

What did Marilyn asked Puffy ?
Marliyn asked Puffy to find her a marriage target who is rich and foolish whom she could easily divorce .
to find her a rich husband she could divorce

Who does Miles hire to kill whom ?
Miles hire wheezy joe to kill Marliyn .
Miles hires Wheezy Joe to kill Marilyn .

What did wheezy joe got confused with and what did it end up with ?
wheezy joe confuses his gun as asthma inhaler and kills himself .
He confused his gun for his inhaler and accidentally shot himself

What was the name of the tv show ?
americas funniest divorce videos
America s Funniest Divorce Videos

Who was Howard Doyle ?
he was an actor from one of donalys opera soaps .
an actor

