How many children do the Nesbit s have ?
5
Five .

Where are the children playing when they find the sand fairy ?
A gravel pit .
In a gravel pit .

How many wishes do the children have each day ?
1 wish
They have one wish per day to split between them

What do the children ask for their first wish ?
To be as beautiful as the day .
To be beautiful as the day

What do they children receive when they ask to be rich ?
Gold coins that ca n't be used .
they got gold guineas that they were n't able to use because they are n't accepted anymore

Who bullies Robert ?
The butcher s boy
The baker s boy .

What happens when the children ask for Lamb to grow up ?
He becomes smug and leaves them .
LAmb grows into a selfish , smug young man who ditches them

Who is blamed for the Children s mother getting the rich woman s jewelry ?
The gamekeeper .
The gamekeeper

What happens when the children ask for a castle ?
The castle gets attacked
It is under siege .

What does the fairy ask i return for setting all the wishes right ?
Never to be asked a wish again .
That they will never ask him for another wish .

What is the youngest child s name ?
The Lamb
Lamb

What did the kids of the Stone Age wish for usually ?
Food
They wished for food .

What was the kid s first wish ?
To be as beautiful as the day .
They wish to be beautiful

What is another name for the Psammead ?
Sand-fairy
sand-fairy

Who is Robert bullied by ?
The baker s boy ?
The baker s boy .

What was the kid s first wish involving the Lamb ?
That someone else would take care of him .
They wished that somebody else would want him .

What was the problem with the wish for them to have wings ?
They were on top of the church bell tower with no way down .
They find themselves stuck on the top of a church bell tower , with no way down .

Who is the closest out of the children to the Psammead ?
Anthea
Anthea .

What does the Lamb become after the second wish ?
Selfish and smug
A selfish , smug young man .

What was the group s last wish to the Psammead ?
That they will see each other again .
That they will meet it again .

Where do the five children live before moving to the countryside ?
London
London .

What do the children find in the gravel pit ?
a Psammead
Gold spade guineas .

What special power does the sand-fairy have in the story ?
it can grants wishes
he can grant wishes

Which nickname do the children call their baby brother ?
the Lamb
The Lamb .

How many wishes do the children use each day ?
1
One wish .

How come the children got locked out of the house ?
they servants did n't recognize the children after they wished to be beautiful
They wished to be beautiful and no one recognized them .

Where do the children spend the gold they wished for in the story ?
they did n't spend it because no shop was willing to accept it
The coins are out of circulation so they cant spend them

Which wish leads to the gamekeeper meeting the children s housemaid ?
their wish for wings
They wished for wings

Why did people try to kidnap the Lamb ?
the other children wished they did n't have to take care of him anymore
The other children wished that someone else would want him

Why does Anthea make a wish to see the sand-fairy again ?
she grew close to the Psammead
She has grown close to it .

