Who invited John Berlin to invite the Eureka police force ?
Freddie Ross
Freddy

What find led to the reopening of the case of the murdered girl named Jennifer ?
Finding a severed hand at the dump
a severed hand found in a garbage bag at the dump .

What leads the detectives to the belief the owner of the severed hand was blind ?
Wear on the fingertips from reading Braille
fingertips were worn down

How many women have gone missing in the last four years ?
Six women
Six

What number victim does Berlin believe Jennifer is ?
Number 7
victim number 7

Who s roomate was Helena ?
Amber
Amber

Whos is Amber thought to be ?
The eighth victim , Jennifer 8 .
The 8th victim of the killer .

What agency is St.Anne with ?
The FBI
FBI

Whose murder is Berlin arrested for ?
Ross s murder .
Ross

Who shoots Berlin ?
Margie
The killer

Who invites John Berlin to come to california ?
Freddy Ross
Freddy

What does John Berlin find in a garbage bag at the dump ?
a severed hand
A woman s severed hand .

Why does John Berlin think the owner of the hand must have been blind ?
Unusual amount of scars and wear on the fingertips
Because of the wear on her fingertips .

How many women does John Berlin discover have gone missing in the past 4 years ?
Six
6

What was jennifer 8 s real name ?
Amber
Amber

What does the killer use to murder Ross ?
John Berlin s gun
A gun .

Who is the FBI agent who interrogates John Berlin ?
St. Anne
St. Anne

Who is arrested for Ross s murder ?
John Berlin
John Berlin

What ultimately happens to the killer at the end of the story ?
He is shot by Margie
Shot to death

Why does Berlin head to Eureka for a job ?
An old friend , Freddy Ross , asked for his help .
invitation from a friend

How is Berlin recieved at the department ?
He is not recieved well , especially by John Taylor , who was passed over for a promotion because of hiring Berlin .
His new colleagues are unfriendly toward him

Why does Berlin re-open a missing persons case in Eureka ?
The police find a severed hand in a garbage bag that could belong to her .
Because he thinks the case is connected to other cases .

What does Berlin believe about the missing persons case and the severed hand ?
That the two cases are related .
That they are related

When Berlin digs in deeper to missing persons cases , what does he discover ?
That six women , most of whom are blind , have disappeared within a radius of San Diego .
They are connected .

What does Berlin believe about Jennifer and the owner of the missing hand ?
He believes they are the seventh and eighth victims of the serial killer .
they are both blind

What happens when Ross is killed with Berlin s gun ?
Berlin is interrogated by FBI agent St. Anne .
The FBI thinks that Berlin is the murderer .

What happens after Berlin is arrested for Ross s death ?
He is bailed out of jail by Margie , Ross s wife .
he gets bailed out by margie

Who does the killer chase through the Insitute ?
He chases Margie , who shoots him dead and closes the case .
margie

