What is Hades allotted for ?
The custody of souls .
Souls

Who are the guardians of the souls in Hades ?
Angels
Angels

Who guards the gate of Hades ?
An archangel with a host .
An archangel with an host .

What charterizes the left hand side of Hades ?
Fire which emits hot vapor .
A lake of unquenchable fire .

What will happen to the unjust when they are resurrected by God ?
They will recieve their bodies unchanged with the diseases they had beore .
Eternal punishment

Who will judge the resurrected ?
Jesus
Jesus

Who did the Greeks believe were the judges of the underworld ?
Minos and Rhadamanthus
Minos and Rhadamanthus

What judgement does Christ give the wicked ?
Everlasting punishment
Everlasting punishment

What judgement does Christ give the righteous ?
Eternal bliss
Eternal bliss .

How will Christ judge the people ?
In whatever way he finds them .
With righteous judgement

Who is in custody in Hades ?
the souls of all who died
The souls of the dead

What does it take to get to the Bosom of Abraham ?
belief in God
The archangel will the just dead people there

Who decides if a soul is punished ?
Jesus Christ
Angels

Who guards the dead ?
Angels
Archangel

Which direction are the unjust sent ?
left
To the left

Who do the Greeks believe decide a soul s fate ?
Minos and Rhadamantus
Minos and Rhadmanthus

Why ca n't the unjust join the just ?
they are separated by a deep , wide space
They receive more severe punishment .

How is it determined whether a soul is just ?
the way the person is living at the time Christ finds him
How virtuous someone is when they die .

When will the unjust receive their unchanged bodies ?
After Christ s judgement
When God resurrects the dead

What is the reward for the just ?
eternal bliss
Eternal bliss .

What is Hades described as ?
an underground area where the light of the world is unable to touch
A lake of unquenchable fire .

Who resides in Hades ?
the righteous and the unholy
All the dead and an Archangel

What is the Bosom of Abraham ?
the area of light to the right where the righteous are led
Where the just go

Why ca n't the unholy enter the Bosom of Abraham ?
a deep hole separates the two areas
A barrier made do chaos

What does the narrator say that God is going to do with the righteous and the unholy ?
He is going to raise their bodies , not just their souls
resurrect them

What happens once the bodies of the righteous are resurrected ?
They get new bodies with no more sickness
They will be new .

What does the unholy receive when the righteous are getting new bodies ?
they keep their original bodies , sickness , injuries , and diseases same as before
Their old bodies with the same flaws they had before .

Who are the righteous and the unrighteous brought before ?
Jesus Christ to be judged
Jesus christ

What are the sentences Jesus will hand out for the righteous and the unholy ?
The unholy will receive eternal suffering while the righteous will receive everlasting happiness .
Eternal bliss and infinite punishment

What are the last words from Jesus we get ?
The way you stand before me will be the way I judge you .
In whatsoever ways I shall find you , in them I shall judge you entirely

