What is the alias that Hal Warner adopts ?
Joe Smith .
Joe Smith

How are the workers in the mines treated by the bosses ?
Terribly . They are miserable and exploited .
exploited

Why is Hal torn when he grows close to Mary Burke ?
He has a fiancee back home .
because he has a fiancee back home

Who does Hal accuse of being corrupted and unfair to the workers ?
The marshal .
The marshal

After an explosion , what are the mine workers most concerned with ?
The tools
the equipment

What is Hal s financial status ?
He is a rich man
He is rich

What is Mary Burke passionate about ?
Fighting for workers ' rights .
Workers rights

Whose rights does Hal dedicate his life to fighting for ?
Workers ' rights .
The workers .

Who does Hal decide he loves at the end of the story ?
Mary Burke
Mary Burke

Who does Hal have a confrontation with at the end of the story ?
His brother , Edward..
His brother Edward

Who is Joe Smith ?
Hal Warner using a fictitious name .
Hal s alias

Why is Hal s relationship with Mary Burke a source of struggle ?
Hal feels his friendship with Mary is a betrayal of his fiancee .
He s already engaged .

What is Hal searching to find during his employment in the coal industry ?
The truth about working conditions and treatment of workers .
The truth about the working conditions of the coal mines .

Why does Hal try to become a check weigh man with GFC ?
To investigate whether the coal weights are being manipulated to reduce worker pay .
He want to be able to weigh the coal so the workers will not be cheated on their pay

What frustrates Hal about the rescue effort following the explosion at GFC ?
The company bosses are more concerned with saving equipment than with rescuing workers .
the rescue effort goes on longer than expected and the boss is more concerned with equipment than men

Why does the United Mine Workers refuse to support the GFC worker strike ?
They claim the strike is too new and would waste union resources without widespread union support .
they believe it s too early and they need to wait until other unions also decide to strike

When does Hal realize he loves Mary ?
After leaving GFC to return home .
After he leaves to go home .

What happened when Hal first sought employment in the coal mine industry ?
He was refused employment because he was a suspected union organizer .
he was mistaken for union organizer

How do we know that Joe Smith was eventually discovered to be Hal Warner ?
The workers cheered for Joe and Hal following the failed strike attempt .
when they cheered his name in the end some called him hl

What does Hal vow to do upon returning home ?
Dedicate himself to the coal workers ' cause .
focus his life on workers ' causes

What alias does Hal Warner adopt ?
Joe Smith
Joe Smith

After befriending many workers at the General Fuel Company , what does Hal realize the bosses are doing ?
Bosses are exploiting workers .
Exploiting the workers and making them miserable .

Who is a fighter for workers ' rights whose father works in the mine and drinks during the day ?
Mary Burke .
Mary Burke

How does Hal s relationship with Mary Burke make him feel ?
He feels unloyal to his fiancĂŠe .
Like he s being disloyal to his fiancee

Who do the bosses appoint as check weigh man , the position Hal wants ?
A company worker .
a company man

After Hal is arrested , who does he accuse of being corrupt and unfair to workers ?
The Marshall .
the marshal

What do the workers do after the explosion in the mines ?
They organize a strike .
They organize a strike and union to demand their rights

During rescue operations after the mine explosion , what are the bosses intent on recovering ?
Tools and equipment .
equipment and tools

Why wo n't the United Mine Workers back the strike ?
The strike is primitive and will waste the unions resources .
They think it s primitive and would waste the union s resources .

After returning home , what does Hal dedicate his life to ?
The workers ' cause .
To the coal workers ' cause .

