Why did Saito hire Dom ?
to test him
To plant an idea in Robert Fischer s subconscious .

What did the Japanese business man want Cobb to do if he passed his test ?
convince Robert Fischer to dissolve his father s company
Help break up Fischer s energy corporation by planting an idea in son Robert s subconscious .

How was Dominick going to be repaid for implanting an idea in the subconscious of Maurice Fischer s son ?
Saito would help clear him of a murder charge
He would get the murder charges of his wife dropped .

Which of Dom s team members did his father help to recruit ?
Ariadne
Ariadne .

When does the team plan to abduct Fischer ?
on the flight from Sydney to Los Angeles
On the flight to Los Angeles .

Why wo n't dying in the dream created for Fischer result in the person waking up ?
The team had to use more powerful sedatives since this dream is multi-level
Because of the sedative they are using will put them into a limbo state .

Where does the forger s dream take place ?
a snowy mountain fortress
They are on an airplane flying to Los Angeles when the dream begins .

Who falls into limbo ?
Fischer , Mal , and Saito
Fischer , Saito and Mal

How much real time passed while the Professor s daughter-in-law spent fifty years in dream time ?
only a few hours
A few hours .

What is the term used for planting an idea in a person s subconscious ?
Inception
Inception

Who hires Cobb for the inception job ?
Saito
Saito

Why is Cobb unable to be with his children ?
A pending murder charge in another country
He fled the U.S .

In inception , what needs to be in place to simultaneously wake the dreamers at different levels ?
A kick
Kicks .

While sedated , where would a dying dreamer end up ?
In limbo
In limbo .

Which character is described as a con man ?
Eames
Eames .

Who is the projection in Cobb s subconscious ?
Cobb s late wife , Mal
His deceased wife , Mal .

What is the term used to describe an item that dreamers use to tell the difference between a dream and reality ?
A totem
a totem

What is Cobb s totem ?
A spinning top
a spinning top

In the end , where does Cobb reunite with his children ?
In the garden
The garden .

How do Dominick and Arthur infiltrate the subconscious of other people s minds ?
Through their dreams
They plug into the dreams of the person .

What termed is coined , meaning to place and idea in a person'should subconscious ?
Inception
Inception

What motivates Cobb to work for Saito ?
Saito promised to help clear Cobb of murder charges .
The promise to have all charges against Cobb dropped if he is successful .

Where does Cobb find the opportunity to enter into the subconscious of Robert Fishcher ?
On a plane flight to L.A .
At the mountain fortress .

Where does the first level of Yusuf s dream take place ?
Los Angeles
Los Angeles

What does Cobb reveal will happen to a dreamer that dies in his dream while on the sedative ?
They ll go into limbo .
That dreamer will end up in limbo .

How long were Cobb and Mal in a shared dream ?
Fifty dream years
Fifty years in dream time .

What is the object that the dreamers use to tell their dream apart from reality ?
A totem
A totem .

Why did Mal kill herself ?
She thought she was still asleep .
she was trying to wake up

Why was Cobb unable to see his children ?
Mal framed him for her death .
He went on the run .

