What did Juliette s father make her promise him ?
To ruin Deroulede in order to revenge her brother s death .
to ruin Deroulede s

How much time passed between the Juliette making an oath to her father , and her discovering Deroulede s location ?
Ten years .
10 years

What was the instigation of the duel between the Vicomte Marny and Deroulede ?
Deroulede insulted Adele , the Vicomte s love interest .
Vicomte Marny had spoke disrespectfully about Deroulede s latest infatuation

Who is scheming to free the queen from prison ?
Deroulede
Sir Percy Blakeney

What evidence did Juliette have to get Deroulede arrested for trying to free the Queen ?
Letters about freeing the Queen
A bunch of papers

What was Deroulede s occupation after he kills Vicomte Marny ?
Attorney
Lawyer

In whose possession were the burned letters found ?
Juliette s
Juliette

What sentence did both Juliette and Deroulede receive after the trial ?
Death
Death

How did Juliette trick her way into Deroulede s house ?
Angered the crowd
By inciting the crowd and taking refuge in his home at his invitation

Even though Juliette was the only person on trial , why were both she and Deroulede sentenced to death ?
Deroulede defended her honor by admitting the evidence against her was actually his , therefore committing treason .
Because Deroulede admits to treason

The story begins before what major event in French History ?
The French Revolution
The French Revolution

Who are the two characters involved in the duel at the beginning of the story ?
Paul Deroulede and Vicomte de Marny
Paul Deroulede and Vicomte Marny

Why is Deroulede recultant to fight the duel ?
Deroulede is acquainted with the Vicomte s father and admires him .
He respects Vicemte s father

Once Deroulede is killed , what actions does his father take ?
He makes his daughter Juliette swear an oath of vengeance .
Vows revenge

Ten years later , in the midst of the Revolution , what is the occupation of Citizen ' Deroulede ?
Deroulede is a lawyer .
Lawyer

What strategy does Juliette use to trick her way into Deroulede s house ?
Juliette deliberately angers a crowd and then seeks safety by beating on Deroulede s door .
She angers a crowd of people into attacking her

Why does Juliette continue her plan of revenge after hearing Deroulede s account of the duel ?
Juliette does not realize that Deroulede is truly sorry for what happened .
she does n't really understand that he wants to make amends

What scheme is Deroulede warned about by Sir Percy ?
Deroulede s scheme to free the the queen from prison .
A scheme to free the imprisoned queen

Why does Juliette change her mind about taking vengeance on Deroulede ?
Juliet has fallen in love with Deroulede .
She has fallen in love with him

What are the consequences of Deroulede defending Juliette at her trial ?
Deroulede and Juliette are both sentenced to death .
He is also arrested and sentenced to death

Why does the Vicomte de Marny challenge Paul Deroulede to a duel ?
because he is offended by Deruelede s remark about the girl he likes
he insulted Adele de Montichere

Who wins the duel ?
Deruelede
Deroulede

What does the Duc de Marny ask his daughter to do ?
Swear to ruin Deroulede
Avenger her brother s death

How old is Juliette when she swears to ruin Deroulede ?
fourteen
She is fourteen

How does Juliette get into Deruelede s home ?
She tricks him by causing a scene outside his house .
She purposely draws the anger of a crowd and is pulled into his house , to save her .

Who visits Deruelede and advises him not to try and save the Queen ?
Sir Percy Blakeney
Sir Percy Blakeney

What does Sir Percy Blakemney tell Derueled he should do ?
Burn all the papers relating to his plot
Burn the papers

Why does Juliette get arrested instead of Deruelede when the soldiers find the papers ?
Because she had Deruelede s burnt papers in her letter box
Because the papers were in her room

Why did Juliette burn Deruelede s papers ?
Because she was in love with him .
To protect him

Who rescues Deruelede and Juliette from their death sentence ?
Sir Percy Blakeney and his comrades
The Scarlett Pimpernel and his followers .

