Who are Mr. Dashwood s three daughters ?
Elinor , Marianne , Margaret
Elinor , Margret and Marianne

Where is the home that Sir John Middleton offers Mrs. Dashwood ?
Devonshire
Devonshire

Who does Marianne fall in love with ?
John Willoughby
John Willoughby

Who falls in love with Marianne ?
Colonel Brandon
Colonel Brandon

What does John Willoughby return to Marianne ?
Her lock of hair and the letters she wrote him
Her lock of hair

Who is Lucy Steele secretly engaged to ?
Edward Ferrars
Edward

Who does Lucy Steele end up marrying ?
Edwards brother Robert
Willoughby

Which sister almost dies after getting caught in a torrential down pour ?
Marianne
Marianne

Where does Mrs. Jennings take Marianne and Elinor ?
A ball in London
London

Who does Willoughby carry home after they fall ?
Margaret
Marianne

What did Mr. Dashwood tell his son upon his deathbed ?
To keep an eye on his step mother and half sisters .
To take care of his second wife and his daughters

What does John s wife Fanny tell him to do ?
Give his half sisters almost nothing and take refuge in their home so that they have no place to go .
Not to give his sisters any money

What happens when Marianne takes a walk with Margaret ?
Marianne slips and has to be carried home by John Willoughby .
she slips and falls in the rain

What does Mrs. Jennings offer Marianne as well as Lucy and Elinor ?
To take them to London ?
To take them to London

When they get there what does Marianne discover is the talk around town ?
That she is engaged with John Willoughby , who she can not get in touch with .
That she and Willoughby are engaged

Where is Lucy invited to stay ?
With John and Fanny ?
With John and Fanny

What does Lucy do that gets her kicked out of their home ?
She confides in Fanny about her engagement with Edward .
She tells Fanny she is engaged to Edward

On the way back to Devonshire where do Elinor and Marianne stop for the night ?
A country estate of the Palmers .
the Palmer family estate

What becomes of Marianne ?
She is caught in a torrential rain .
She marries Colonel Brandon

Who does Edward marry ?
Elinor .
Elinor

How is John related to Mr. Dashwood ?
John is Mr. Dashwood s son from his first marriage .
He is his son

Why do John s three half sisters have to look for a new home after Mr. Dashwood s death ?
They have to look for a new house because John s wife is greedy and convinces John to give the half sisters almost nothing and to take over their house .
John and Fanny took the house

What happens when Colonel Brandon meets Marianne for the first time ?
He falls in love with her immediately upon setting eyes on her .
he falls in love

What actually happens when everyone is expecting John Willoughby to propose to Marianne ?
John Willoughby ends up moving unexpectedly and without explanation to London .
Marianne is upset and John leaves

What does Lucy tell Elinor when they meet ?
Lucy tell Elinor that she has been secretly engaged to Edward for five years .
That she is engaged

What does Mrs. Jennings offer Elinor , Lucy and Marianne ?
Mrs. Jennings offers to take them all to London .
A trip to London

Why did John Willoughby leave Marianne ?
He left because he got Brandon s ward Beth pregnant and his aunt Lady Allen disinherited him which forced him to find a someone wealthy to marry .
because he was disinherited from his family money

What causes Marianne to fall ill ?
She goes outside to see the Willoughby s estate when it begins to rain and ends up getting deathly sick .
Being caught in a rain storm .

Why is Edward able to marry Elinor ?
Once Edward s brother had the inheritance , Miss Steele called the engagement off to marry Robert .
Edward was jilted by Lucy

What is Willoughby doing when Marianne gets married ?
He is watching from afar and rides away .
watching wedding from a distance and rides off on horse

