What does CERN stand for ?
CERN stands for the European Organization for Nuclear Research .
European Organization for Nuclear Research

What is a preferiti ?
A preferiti is one of the favorite cardinals who might be elected pope .
favored cardinals to be elected pope

What does the man claining to represent the Illuminati say will happen at midnight ?
He says that at midnight he will destroy Vatican City using the stolen vial of antimatter as a bomb .
Vatican City will be blown ip and destroyed .

What does Langdon examine in the Vatican Secret Archives ?
Langdon examines Galileo Galilei s banned book .
Galileo Galelei s banned book

What is stolen from Father Silvano after he is killed ?
One vial of antimatter particles .
a vial of antimatter

How does Father Patrick McKenna die ?
Father McKenna commits suicide by setting himself on fire .
suicide by fire

How does the Vatican say Father Patrick McKenna died in their official announcement ?
From internal injuries suffered during his parachuting from a helicopter while saving Vatican City from being blown up by the antimatter particles .
Internal injuries that he suffered during a parachute landing

How did Cardinal Ebner , the first Cardinal to be killed , die ?
Cardinal Ebner was suffocated by soil/earth .
suffocated with soil

Where is the stolen vial of antimatter found ?
The vial is found in St. Peter s tomb below the Vatican/church .
St. Peter s Tomb

What reason did Father McKenna give for murdering the previous pope ?
Father McKenna said he murdered the pope because he believed the pope had betrayed the church by trying to merge science and religion .
Mckenna felt the previous pope had betrayed the church

What is Robert Langdon s occupation ?
Symbologist
professor

To what do the four altars of The Path of Illumination correspond ?
The four classical elements
The four Elements - Earth , Air , Fire , and Water

What is Father Patrick McKenna s position when first introduced in the story ?
Camerlengo
He worked for the European Organization for Nuclear Research

What reason does Pope Pius the XV ! s assassin give for killing the pope ?
He has betrayed to church by attempting to bridge the gap between science and religion .
He betrayed the Church

Which cardinal received the Fire brand ?
Cardinal Guidera
Cardinal Guidera

Where is the stolen antimatter vial found ?
St. Peter s Tomb
St. Peter s Tomb Below the church

What was the significance of the four cardinals kidnapped and assassinated ?
They were preferiti . Favorites to be elected Pope ?
they represented the original four states of matter .

Wgo was Pope Luke before we was elected Pope ?
Cardinal Baggia
Cardinal Baggia

What is Commander Maximilian Richter s position ?
Head of the Swiss Guard
Commander of Swiss Guard

What is the gift Pope Luke gives to Robert Langdon ?
Diagramma Veritatis for research
A research gift

What is missing after Father Silvano is killed ?
A vial of antimatter .
a vial of anitmatter

What time does the kidnapper threaten to destroy Vatican City ?
Midnight .
8pm

Where does McKenna consent to give Langdon access to ?
The Vatican Secret Archives .
vatican secret archives

What do Langdon and Vetra study in the archives ?
Galilieo Galilei s banned book .
Galileo s banned book

Where does the rescued Cardinal tell Langdon the Illuminati s lair is ?
Castel Sant'Angelo
Castel Sa n't Angelo

What happens to the assassin s car ?
It explodes when it s started .
it explodes

What is branded into McKenna s chest ?
The Vatican symbol .
Vatican Symbol

What does Langdon take from Richter s hand ?
A key .
a key

Who does the video reveal to be behind the scheme ?
McKenna
Commander Richter

What does Cardinal Strauss give Langdon as a gift for his research ?
Galileo s Diagramma Veritatis
Diagramma Veritatis

