Where did John Rowland once serve in the military ?
The US Navy
On the Titan .

Rowland later became a deckhand upon waht ship ?
The Titan
the Titan

When did the Titan strike an iceberg ?
One April night
One april night

As a reward for resuing her daughter . her mother had Rowland arrested for what crime ?
kidnapping
Kidnapping

Who is the man that takes pitty on Rowland and rebukes the mother of the girl he rescued ?
a magistrate
Magistrate

Before getting a desk job , Rowland was a ?
a homeless fisherman
He was a homeless fisherman .

How did Rowland finally get a lucrative Government job ?
He took the civil service exam
After passing his civil service exam

From what mistaken estimate was Rowland said to have suffered in the past ?
The importance of whiskey and women
The importance of women and whiskey .

After recovering to a renewed life , what news does Rowland recieve ?
The mothers recognition and the daughter begging for him
a letter from his former lover , congratulating him and pleading for him to visit her and her daughter

What is one of the things that plagued Rowland in his early years ?
Alcoholism
alcohol

Who is the protagonist of the story ?
John Rowland .
John Rowland

What job did John Rowland have at the beginning of the novel ?
He worked in the US Navy .
Deckhand

What is the Titan ?
A ship that Rowland works on .
A ship

What happens to the Titan ?
It hits an iceberg and begins to sink .
It hits an iceberg and sinks .

Why does Rowland jump on the iceberg ?
To save a young girl from dying .
To save his ex-lover s daughter .

How are Rowland and the young girl rescued ?
A passing ship sees them in a lifeboat .
By a passing ship

How does the young girl s mother reward Rowland for saving her daughter ?
She has him arrested for kidnapping .
She does n't

What relationship did Rowland have with the young girl s mother ?
They were lovers .
Former lover

How does Rowland make a living before working for the government ?
As a fisherman .
He was a Navy Officer and , later , a deckhand .

What happened to Rowland after he was fired from the Navy ?
He became an alcoholic .
He works as deckhand on the Titan .

What is John Rowland s former profession ?
He was a US Navy Officer .
US Navy officer

What is John Rowland s current profession ?
A deckhand .
A lucrative position under the Government

What is the name of the ship where John Rowland works ?
The Titan .
Titan

What happens to the Titan one April night ?
The ship hits and iceberg and sinks .
it hits an iceberg and sinks

What do Rowland and the young girl he rescues find on the iceberg ?
A washed-up lifeboat .
a lifeboat

What does John Rowland later say he suffered from in the past ?
Mistaking the importance of women and whiskey .
Giving women and whiskey more importance than he should have .

How are John Rowland and the girl rescued after the Titan sinks ?
The are rescued by a passing ship .
By the girls mother

What happens to John Rowland after he is rescued after the wreck of the Titan ?
He is arrested after being accused of kidnapping the girl he saved .
He is arrested for kidknapping .

What is the verdict after John Rowland is accused of kidnapping the young girl ?
Rowland is discharged by a migistrate .
Not guilty

