Why is Simon s constituent , Paul Michaelson , upset about Simon s office ?
It is going to collapse into his mother s garden .
The wall is collapsing on his mother s gaden .

What is the Future Planning committee ?
A secret war committee .
war comittee

Where do the UK and the US want to stage a military intervention ?
The Middle East .
Middle East

Why does Toby give Suzy a copy of the PWPPIP ?
To leak it to the press .
SO SHE CAN LEAK IT

Who is the Minister of International Development ?
Simon Foster .
Simon Foster

Why does Simon say he will resign ?
If the Future Planning committee votes to go through with military intervention .
To stop war from happening .

Why is Simon fired ?
Because Paul s wall collapsed into his mother s garden .
allowing Paul s wall collapse

Who helps Malcolm fake the details of the PWPPIP ?
Senior Press Officer Jamie McDonald
Officer Jaime MacDonald .

Who is the source of intelligence used to originally support intervention ?
Iceman .
Iceman

What radio programme was Simon Foster s interview on ?
BBC Radio 4 .
BBC Radio 4 PM program

Why does General Miller oppose the war ?
He claims the US does n't have enough troops to succeed .
Not enough troops

What network did Toby leak the Future Planning meeting to ?
CNN .
CNN

How does the President rush forward the Security Council vote on military intervention ?
By vetoing tariffs on Chinese imports .
Chinese import tarrifs vetoed

How does the Security Council vote on the war matter ?
They vote in favor of military intervention .
They vote in favor .

What is Simon s constituency ?
Northampton .
Northampton

What is the name of the report flagged by US Assistant Secretary of State Karen Clarke ?
Post-war Planning , Parameters , Implications , and Possibilities .
pwppip

Who does Toby cheat on Suzy with ?
Liza .
Liza

Over what pretense is Simon fired ?
Over the fall of a wall in his constituency of Northampton .
He has contradicted himself too much .

How is the unsubstantiated only source cited in the PWPPIP nicknamed ?
Iceman .
The Iceman .

Why does Suzy think Toby is a coward ?
Because he would not leak the PWPPIP himself .
BECAUSE HE DOES'NT WANT TO LEAK THE PIPPW HIMSELF

Which two countries were hinting at war with the Middle East ?
The UK and the US .
US and UK

What was Simon Foster s profession ?
Simon was the Minister for International Development .
Minister for international development

What did Simon threaten to do if the committee voted in favor of the tariffs ?
Resign .
Resign

Why did Suzy break up with Toby ?
She found out he had a one night stand with Liza .
He cheated on her

How did the committee vote for the intervention ?
They voted in favor of it .
IN FAVOR OF IT

At the end of the story , what type of work did Simon s perform ?
Simon ended it only performing boring tasks .
MUNDANE CONSTITUENCY BUSINESS

Who leaked the PiPPW ?
Toby .
Toby Wright

Where did Simon state that war was unavoidable ?
On an interview with BBC radio .
Middle East

Who helped Malcolm make up details about the PIPPW ?
Jamie McDonald .
JAMIE MCDONALD

