What is the significance of mission STS-157 to Matt Kowolski ?
This is Matt s final mission .
death

Why does Mission Control order the team to abort the mission and begin re-entry ?
The Russian missile strike on the defunct satelite has caused a dangerous debris field .
debris is speeding towards the shuttle

After debris strikes the Explorer and sends Dr. Stone flying through space , what does Matt use to save Dr. Stone ?
Matt uses a MMU ( Manned Maneuvering Unit ) to save Dr. Stone .
Manned Maneuvering Unit .

When Dr. Stone and Matt return to the Explorer and find it in catastrophic condition , where do they decide to head to ?
The ISS ( International Space Station ) .
ISS-International Space Station .

The rough reentry and premature jettison of the heat shield cause what emergency in the Shenzhou capsule ?
A fire erupts inside of the capsule .
A fire is starting

After Dr. Stone gives up and turns off the oxygen to commit suicide , Matt enters the capsule , scolds Dr. Stone for giving up , and then instructs her to do what ?
Matt instructs Dr. Stone to rig the landing jets to propel them towards the Shenzhou .
Use the Soyuz capsule s landing jets to move it to the Tiangong space station .

What sad event from Dr. Stone s past do the two characters discuss while en route to the ISS ?
The death of Dr. Stone s daughter .
daughter died

What is the problem with the remaining Soyuz module aboard the ISS ?
The parachute has already been deployed .
The parachute has deployed

What does Dr. Stone use as a make-shift thruster after ejecting herself from the Soyuz ?
A fire extinguisher .
A fire extinguisher .

What is unusual about Matt when he saves Dr. Stone from her suicide attempt ?
Matt is just a hallucination , brought about from Dr. Stone s lack of oxygen .
He was not real

Where is Dr. Ryan Stone originally from ?
Lake Zurich , Illinois
Lake Zurick , Illinois .

Why is mission control asking for the spacewalk to be cancelled ?
A Russia missile destroyed a satellite causing a cloud of debris in space .
A missile strike on a satellite has caused there to be a debris field .

What happens to Stone as they begin abandoning their mission ?
She gets detached from the ship and tumbles through space .
Stone is detached from the shuttle

What do Stone and Kowalski discover about the Explorer ?
It was severely damaged by space debris and the crew is dead .
It has suffered a great amount of damage .

Where do Stone and Kowalski head from the Explorer ?
They head to the International Space Station .
ISS

What happens to Kowalski when they reach their destination ?
Stone is tangled in parachute cord on the ISS and he realizes that the cords wont hurt both , so he releases his tether .
swim to land

What happens when Stone leaves the ISS ?
She discovers the Souz has no fuel , not allowing her to get to her next designation .
Destroyed by the debris field

What choice does Stone make in the Soyuz ?
She cuts the oxygen , hoping to die in space .
Stone ejects herself via explosive decompression

How does Stone make the final approach to Tianong ?
She ejects from the Soyuz and uses a fire extinguisher to get the last few feet there .
She ejects herself from Soyuz and uses a fire extinguisher as a thruster .

Where does Stone finally make landfall ?
In a lake , causing her to evacuate the capsule and swim for shore .
a lake

Where is Dr. Ryan Stone from ?
Lake Zurich , Illinois .
Lake Zurich , Illinois

What is the name of the space mission ?
STS-157
sts-157

Who wants to abort the mission ?
Mission Control .
Mission Control .

Why does Mission Control want to abort the mission ?
Debris from a Russian satellite is heeding toward them .
Because of a cloud of debris in space .

What tool does Kowalski use to rescue Dr Stone ?
Manned Maneuvering Unit
the MMU

How far away is the ISS from the space shuttle ?
1,450 km ( 900 mi )
1450 kilometres

What is the name of the Chinese space station ?
Tiangong
Tiangong

How does Dr. Stone attempt suicide ?
By turning off the oxygen .
Shut s down the cabin s oxygen supply

Who is the sole survivor of the space mission ?
Dr Stone
Dr. Ryan Stone

