Why does Samm want to establish the Galactic Patrol ?
To protect civilization from the forces of evil .
to protect civilasation

Which planet was once not approachable ?
Arisia .
Arisia

Who makes the Lens ?
The Arisians .
the Arisians

What does Samm use the Lensmen for ?
To trace major leads holding threats upon civilization .
Policing outerspace

Where do the Lensmen find bizarre life forms ?
On alien planets .
On Alien planets

What do the Arisians present to Samm ?
The Lens .
Lens

What does the fleet the Lensmen built unite ?
All the continental fleets of Tellus .
The fleet united all the Continetal fleet of Tellus and grand fleet of Galactic patrol

What s the name of the headquarters of the Lensman ?
The Hill .
The Hill

What do the Arisians instruct Samm to do ?
To bring them those who are attuned to the Lens .
find other lens worthy individuals

What is thionite ?
A mind altering drug .
mind altering drug

What is Samm s dream ?
He dreams to establish Galactic Patrol to protect citizens from evil .
Samms dream is to have Galactic Patrol to protect civilization

What to the Arisians think of Samm ?
They think he is incorruptable , brave , and virtuous .
He is fair and can not be corrupted

What does Samm think is the key to handling threats against the planet ?
Taking down the drug traffickers would keep the planet safe .
The Lensmen

What do the Lensmen do while tracking leads ?
They visit alien planets , encounter bizarre life forms , and try to recruit .
wear lens

What is the headquarters of the Lensmen called ?
It is called The Hill
The Hill

Who are the only people who can make The Lens ?
Only the Arisians can make the Lens .
the Arisians

Who fights the North American presidential election ?
The officers of the Triplanetary Service fight the election .
officers of the Triplanetary Service

What is the mind altering drug the Lensmen are chasing called ?
It is called Thionite .
thionite

Who do the Lensmen track the drug to ?
They track it to corrupt politicians in North America .
A North American political party

Why does the Triplanetary Service fight the presidential election ?
They want to keep the incumbent in office .
to keep the corruct politician in office

Who is Virgil Samms ?
He is the first Lensmen , a man of bravery and very incorruptible .
the founder of the galactic Patrol

What makes the Lens that Samms is presented with so unique ?
It is an item that can only be crafted by the Arisians and only worn by Samms , who it was intended for .
It gives the wearer the ability to communicate telepathically

What powers does the Lens provide Samms ?
He is able to communicate with any animal or person telepathically when wearing the Lens .
Power to communicate telepathically

What do the Arisians task Samms to do ?
He is to find other Lens worthy people and direct them to Arisia to recieve their own lens .
be the first entity to wear the lens of Civilization

What happens after Samms gathers enough Lensman ?
He begins using them to locate major threats to civilization and begin taking them down .
to trace threats to civilization

What sorts of threats is Samms and the Lensman bringing down ?
Corrupt politicians , pirates and drug traffickers .
Corrupt politicians , illegal drugs , pirates .

Which drug ring do the Lensman track back to North America ?
They track down the thionite drug to North America .
Corrupt political machine

Who else do the Lensman recruit to their cause ?
They recruit a great deal of aliens , represented by a great many different species .
representative members of as many species as possible from the bizarre life forms they meet on alien planets

What are the Lensman trying to protect in their space battle ?
They are trying to protect their capitol , The Hill , from attack .
civilization

Who eventually wins the presidential election ?
The Cosmocrats candidate Roderick Kinnison .
Roderick Kinnison

