Who do Emil and Oleg kill first ?
Their old business partner and his pregnant girlfriend
Their old partner and his wife .

Who was Honey ?
The call girl who Emil murdered when she came instead of a Czech girl
A call girl Emil murders

What does Oleg do throughout the story ?
He films everything with the camera he stole
Records videotapes

Who is Rose Hearn ?
She runs the escort service that Emil called
the Madam of an escort service

What happens the night Flemming is supposed to propose to his girlfriend ?
Emil and Oleg brutally murder him
Oleg and Emil sneak into his house and incapcitate him and film themselves murdering him .

What is Top Story ?
The local news station that Flemming and his girlfriend worked for
A local TV show

How much does Robert Hawkins pay for the video of Flemmings death ?
One million dollars
$ 1 million .

Where do Emil and Oleg watch the video of the murder when it airs on TV ?
Planet Hollywood
Planet Hollywood

What does Emil plead in his case ?
Insanity
Insanity

Who kills Oleg and Emil ?
The cops kill Emil , but Emil killed Oleg
Emil kills Oleg and Warsaw kills Emil

Who arrived in America at the beginning of the story ?
Emil Slovak and Oleg Razgul
Emil and Olig

Why did Emil and Oleg come to America ?
To claim their part of a Russian heist .
To collect their money from a bank heist

What did Oleg steel from Make-Your-Own-Movie ?
A video camera ?
A video camera

What did Emil do to cover the murder of hepis old partner ?
He burned down the apartment .
Burns down the apartment .

Who tries to get Warsaw s attention at the scene of the burned apartment ?
Daphne
Daphne .

Who is Oleg trying to be while taking a video of everything ?
The next Frank Capra
Frank Capra

How much does Robert pay Emil for the tape ?
1 million dollars
$ 1 million

Where do Emil and Oleg sit to watch the video air ?
Planet Hollywood
Planet Hollywood

What proves Emil s sanity ?
The video of Emil explaining his plan to Fleming .
The video tape where he tells of his plan to get tried as insane for the crime .

Who punches Robert at the end of the story ?
Warsaw
Warsaw .

Why did Emil and Oleg come to America ?
Emil and Oleg came to America to claim their share of a bank heist .
To collect their money from a bank heist

From where did Oleg steal the video camera ?
Make-Your-Own-Movie establishment
from a Make-Your-Own-Movie business

Why does Emil stab his old partner to death ?
Emil stabs his old partner to death because the partner did not have his and Oleg s share of the money .
He wanted his share from the bank heist

Who witnesses Emil murdering his old partner ?
Daphne Handlova
Daphne

What TV show crew follows Eddie Flemming ?
Top Story
Top Story

From whom does Emil get the address of the escort service ?
Call girl Honey
Honey .

On what special night do Emil and Oleg sneak into Flemming s house ?
On the night that Flemming wanted to propose to his girlfriend .
The night Fleming is to propose to his girlfriend

What does Emil plan to do with the tape of him killing Flemming ?
Emil plans to sell the tape to Top Story
Sell it to Top Story

Who is the host of Top Story ?
Robert Hawkins
Robert Hawkins

How much does Robert pay Emil for the tape of Flemming s murder ?
$ 1 million
$ 1 million

