Where is the initial story set up ?
Lady Lundie s house in Scotland
Lady Lundie s home in Scotland

Whom does Geoffrey Delamayn send for his rendezvous with Anne ?
Arnold Brinkworth
Arnold

Arnold wishes to marry Blanche , but what does he fear of ?
Arnold fears that he has accidentally married Anne under Scots law
He fears he s already married Anne .

Who is suffering from a serious physical ailment and suffers a paralytic stroke in an important race ?
Geoffrey Delamayn
Geoffrey

Who is the cook-housekeeper Geoffrey and Anne meet at the secluded cottage ?
Hester Dethridge
Hester Dethridge

What does Hester reveal to Geoffrey regarding Anne s brutal and rapacious husband ?
That Anne murdered her husband by smothering him
She killed him

What happens to Geoffrey when he attempts to smother Anne ?
He suffers a stroke
Has a stroke and is suffocated

Who finally rescues Anne from the house when she gives the alarm ?
Sir Patrick
Sir Patrick

In the final scene , who does Lady Lundie discover as taking precedence over her in the family ?
Anne , her enemy
Anne , her enemy .

Who believed Anne and Arnold were married ?
the landlady and a waiter
Bishopriggs .

How can Blanche s governess save her good name ?
by getting married
getting married

Why did opponents of the North lose their bets ?
Geoffrey had a stroke and lost the race
His friends deserted him .

Why did Arnold s friend want to back out of his agreement ?
so he could marry a wealthy wife
fears he is accidently already married to Anne

Why did n't Hester call for help ?
she ca n't speak
He realizes what he has done .

Why did Blanche s fiance think he married Anne ?
Because he referred to Anne as his wife in front of witnesses at the inn
the plot to make it seem Anne is married

How did Geoffrey come up with a plan to be free of his promise ?
from Hester
He tricked Anne and Arnold into meeting in an inn .

How many husbands did Anne have ?
2
2

In what country does the initial action take place ?
Scotland
Scotland

Which character is about to be disinherited ?
Geoffrey
Geoffrey

Which character discovers he has a serious physical ailment ?
Geoffrey
Geoffrey .

Who is Blanches ' Fiance ?
Arnold Brinkworth
Arnold Brinkworth .

Who is Lady Lundies brother-in-law ?
Sir Patrick Lundie
Sir Patrick Lundie

Which character represents the South of England against the North ?
Geoffrey
Geoffrey

Which character is the cook-housekeeper ?
Hester Dethridge
Hester Dethridge

Which character turns out to be a murderer ?
Hester Dethridge
Hester

Which character suffers a stroke towards the end of the story ?
Geoffrey
Geoffrey

Which character turns out to be Lady Lundies enemy ?
Anne
Anne

Why did Geoffrey want to marry a wealthy wife ?
Because he was about to be disinherited .
He was about to be disinherited .

Who did Geoffrey try to cast off Anne to ?
Arnold Brinkworth
Arnold .

Why did Anne need to be married ?
To save her reputation .
To save her reputation .

Why could n't Arnold marry Blanche right away ?
He was afraid that he accidentally married Anne under Scots law .
He was afraid he married Ann under Scot s law .

Why did Geoffrey s friends desert him ?
Because they lost their bets placed on him .
Lost their bets that they had placed on him

How did Hester Dethridge kill her husband ?
She smothered him .
Dismantling part of the wall of his bedroom and then smothering him .

Who appeared to the landlady and Bishopriggs as man and wife ?
Arnold and Anna .
Arnold Brinkworth and Anne

What stopped Geoffrey from smothering Anne ?
He had a stroke .
He suffered a stroke .

Why did Sir Patrick keep watch outside the cottage ?
He feared Anne was in danger .
He knows the Danger Anne is in

Why could Geoffrey no longer avoid acknowledging Anne as his wife ?
Because she told the truth at a meeting with all parties and their lawyers .
Because Ann reveals their relationship

