What is the spaceship of the three astronauts ?
Sunbird
Sunbird

Why does Sunbird s commander refuse to communicate with them at first ?
He is suspicious of their motives
She does n't trust them

What ship does Sunbird Agree to Rendezvous with ?
Gloria
the Gloria

Who are the twins on Board ?
Judy and Judy
2 women named Judy

What is very peculiar about Andy on board the ship ?
He seems strangely feminine
he is the only male , and is very effeminate

What truth does the Crew learn ?
A plague wiped out most human life including males
A plagued wiped out all the males , most humans

How any people survived the tragedy ?
11,000
11,000

Who is merely being studied ?
The astronauts
the astronauts

Why were the three astronauts lost and drifting in space ?
Their aircraft was damaged by a large solar flare .
A solar flare damaged their craft and left them lost in space .

What did all the talking on the radio turn out to be when they thought they were hallucinating ?
People trying to help them .
Crew members of a ship named Gloria that found the men .

Why did n't the commander talk to the people on the radio as soon as he figured out who they were ?
The commander is leary of their motives and what they are really up to .
he is suspicious of their motives

How could the Sunbird have been lost centuries ago ?
The Sunbird was thrown off course in space and in time as well .
They were thrown off course in space .

What is the name of the spaceship that helps the astronauts get to safety ?
Gloria
Gloria

Why were all the males gone and only females on the Gloria spaceship ?
A plague killed most of the human race , including all the men .
A plague wiped out the males .

How do the people who are left reproduce ?
They make clones .
cloning

What does the commander think God has chosen him to do ?
He thinks God chose him to lead all the women back .
Lead the females back

Why was one of the astronauts excited about the Gloria ship having all those women on it ?
He hopes all the women will want him since they have n't had any men in so long .
He was excited to be fancied by all the women left on Earth that do not know a man s touch .

What were the crew members of the Gloria ship really saving the astronauts for ?
They were using them for sperm , new gene pools , studies and useful information .
to study them , gain useful information , and also to gain sperm samples for fresh genetic material

Which spaceship is damaged by solar flare ?
The Sunbird .
spaceship Sunbird

What happened to the crew after the Sunbird was damaged ?
They were lost in space and time .
they were thrown adrift and off course not only in space but also in time , and so have been lost for centuries

What is the name of the spaceship with an all-female crew ?
The Gloria
The Gloria

How do people on Earth reproduce after the plague ?
Cloning
cloning

What is unusual about the Earth s population after the plague ?
There are no males left .
They are all female .

What does the drug given to the male crew members do ?
It causes them to reveal their true selves .
make them act like who they really are

Where are babies raised on Earth ?
In communal creches .
in Creches

Where do most of the humans live on Earth after the plague ?
Australia
Australia

What is unusual about the twins on board the Gloria ?
One seems older than the other
both are named Judy , but one seems older

Why are certain genotypes given androgen treatments ?
To increase bulk and strength for physical tasks .
To increase their strength .

