Outside what city does Challenger live ?
London
London

Challenger claims the Earth will move into a belt of poisonous what ?
Ether
Ether

What counters the effect of the poison ?
Oxygen
Oxygen

Which island of people did Challenger study to theorize that the earth will be poisoned ?
Sumatra
Sumatra

How many people finally survive in Challenger s home ?
Five
all of them

How do ( es ) the survivor ( s ) travel through the dead countryside in the aftermath of the poisonous belt ?
By riding in Challenger s car
Challenger s car

After travelling back to Challenger s house near the end , what discovery is made about the poison ?
The effect is temporary
The effect of the ether was temporary

How long did the poisonous effect last ?
28 hours
no time at all

At the end , what was humanity made to appreciate ?
A higher value on life
Life

Who were the people Challenger asked to come to his house ?
Edward Malone , Lord John Roxton , and Professor Summerlee
Edward Malone , Lord John Roxton , and Professor Summerlee

Where was Challenger home located ?
Outside London .
London

Who were the people locked in a sealed room ?
Challenger , Challenger wife , Edward Malone , Lord John Roxton and Professor Summeriee .
Challenger , his wife , Malone , Roxton , and Summerlee are locked in a sealed room .

What was going to happen to Earth ?
Earth was going to moved through a poison atmosphere .
they were all going to die , but they miraculously reawoke

Where were Challenger servants ?
Outside the sealed room .
Left outside the sealed room

What were Challenger servant doing ?
Challenger servants were performing their duties .
Continuing their duties .

How did the ederly bed-ridden woman survived ?
She had tank of oxygen .
Oxygen

How long was the effect of the poison on the people of the Earth ?
The effect was temporary
Temporary

What happened when people awoke ?
They did not remember what had happened to them .
People must be convinced of lost time as experienced while they were unconscious because of the ether .

What did Challenger and his friends did ?
They told the world what had happened
The wait out the passage of Earth through the poison belt .

What does Challenger asks his three friends to bring ?
Oxygen
oxygen

What kind of belt is Earth moving into ?
Poisonous ether
of poisonous ether

What group of people does Challenger use as an example ?
Sumatra
people of sumatra

How does the group travel to London ?
In Challenger s car
Car

What world are Challenger s friends from ?
The Lost World
The Lost World

Where do Challenger , his wife and his friends go when they arrive ?
Into a sealed room
His house

Why does n't the group die after opening the window ?
The Earth had passed the poison belt
they have passed through the poison belt

How many survivors did the group find ?
One
one

What does this tragedy encourage humans to do ?
Put a higher value on life
humanity places a higher value on life

How does Challenger communicate to his friends about coming to his home ?
Through a telegram
telegrams

