What is the name of the town Longfellow Deeds is from ?
Deeds is from Mandrake Falls , Vermont .
Mandrake Falls

What is the name Babe Bennett uses for her fake persona to get close to deeds ?
Babe uses the name Mary Dawson .
Mary Dawson

What does Deeds inherit from his late uncle ?
Deeds inherits 20 million dollars .
20 million dollars

How does Deeds want to spend his fortune to help others ?
He wants to provide a farm for free for those willing to work the land for 3 years .
By giving fully equipped 10-acre farms to homeless people

What does Cedar try to do in order to get control of Deeds ' money ?
Cedar tries to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent .
He wants to have him declared mentally incompetent .

Who reveals Babe s true identity to deeds ?
Cobb tells Deeds about Babe s true identity .
Cornelius Cobb

Who speaks up on Deeds ' behalf at his sanity hearing ?
Babe defends Deeds at his hearing .
Babe

How does Babe first attract Deeds ' attention ?
Babe pretends to faint and acts like a damsel in distress .
she pretends to faint from exhaustion

What nickname does Babe give Deeds in the articles she writes about him ?
Babe calls Deeds Cinderella Man .
Cinderella Man

Who does Cedar bring from Mandrake Falls to testify at Deeds ' hearing ?
Ceadar brings Deeds ' tenants , Jane and Amy Faulkner .
He gets Deeds tenants and olde sisters

Who does Longfellow Deeds inherit money from ?
His late uncle , Martin Semple .
his late uncle Martin Semple

What is Mary Dawson s ( Louise Babe Bennett ) job ?
She is a reporter .
Reporter .

Why does Deeds return to Mandrake Falls ?
He is heartbroken .
he was heartbroken by Babe

How does Deeds decide to help the poor ?
He lets them live on a farm in exchange for work .
Give them fully equipped 10-acre farms in exchange for working the land .

Who is John Cedar ?
The late Martin Semple s attorney .
Martin Semple s attorney .

Why does Cedar try to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent ?
To retain control over his fortune .
Because he is afraid of losing control of the fortune .

During the competency hearing , Cedar s expert witness diagnoses Deeds with what disorder ?
Manic depression
Manic Depression

What do the eccentric , elderly sisters say about Deeds during the competency hearing ?
That he is pixilated .
they say he is pixelated

What nickname does Bennett , ( Mary Dawson ) give Deeds ?
Cinderella Man
Cinderella man

What instrument does Longfellow Deeds play ?
The Tuba
The tuba

How much money does Longfellow Deeds inherit ?
20 million
20 million dollars

What does Deeds want to do with his fortune ?
Create 10 acre , fully equipped farms for the poor
He buys 10 acres of fully equipped farmlands for the homeless families .

What is the name that Babe uses when she meets Deeds ?
Mary Dawson
Mary Dawson

What is the name of the lawyer trying to steal Deeds ' money ?
John Cedar
John Cedar

Who helps Deeds win his fortune back ?
Babe
Louise Bennett

What is the theme of this story ?
good vs. evil
Justice is the theme .

What is the tone of this story ?
humorous
a man in desperation and his trials

Who is the protagonist in this story ?
Deeds
John Cedar

