Why did the Marquis allow Harry Sandwich to live with his family ?
Harry s father saved the Marquis and the Marquis believed that having an English boy around his sons would be beneficial to them .
He kills a rabid dog that attacked his daughters

The Marquis was taken with Harry right away but it took the rest the family a lot longer to adjust to him , Why ?
Harry did not dress as elegantly as the rest of the family and his manners were rough and course .
Harry s maniness and independence was qualities admired by the Marquis , but was found strange and funny to rest of family

What did the Marquis and Marquise do with their children once they realized they were to be arrested for being nobility ?
They sent Earnest and Jules to Paris , and Marie Jeanne and Virginne they sent to stay with their nurse Louis Moulin .
tell their children to escape

Who is Lebot and what does he do with Marie ?
Lebat is the son of the mayor and captures Marie in the marketplace and arrests her .
He is the son of the Mayor of Dijon and he arrests her as a noble in hiding

It takes Harry several tries to get Robspierre to release Marie , what finally gets Robspierre to release her ?
Harry tells Robespierre that Marie has agreed to marry him and is a friend of the revolution .
That they are getting marries

How does Jeanne find passage to England ?
She finds passage with a fisherman named Adolphe .
with a fisherman whose child she nursed to health

What happens to Louise ?
She becomes ill and dies .
She became ill and died while fleeing France .

Where does Marie go after Harry saves her from Lebat ?
She stays in Paris with her Fiance Victor .
Stays in Paris with Victor

What happens to Harry and Jeanne once they return to England ?
Harry gets his medical degree and marries Jeanne .
They are married .

What happens to Marie and Victor ?
Marie and Victor marry and victor buys the chateaux that Marie grew up in .
They purchase the chateau once belonging to the Marquis .

How old is Harry Sandwith ?
16
16

In which year does Harry set off for Paris ?
1790
1790 .

When does the attiitude of the family change towards Harry ?
When he kills a rabid dog which was attacking Jeanne and Virginie
After killing the rabid dog .

Who is killed by Harry and Ernest ?
Demon Wolf
The Demon Wolf .

To which city does Marquis decide to move his family , to support the King ?
Paris
Paris .

Who is Marie s fiance ?
Victor de Gisons
Victor de Gisons

Who captures Marie in the marketplace ?
Lebat , the son of the Mayor of Dijon
Lebat .

On what condition does Lebat agree to freeing Marie ?
If she agress to marry him
If Marie marries him .

Whom does Harry rescue from being beaten in the street ?
Maximilien de Robespeirre
Robespierre

Whom does Harry marry after passing his medical exams ?
Jeanne
Jeanne

Who invites Harry to live at his chateau in France ?
The Marquis de St. Caux
The Marquis

What makes the St. Caux family start trusting Harry ?
He kills a rabid dog that was attacking Jeanne and Virginie
impressed with the English school system

Who kills the Demon Wolf that has been terrorizing the communities around the chateau ?
Harry and Ernest
Harry and Ernest

How old is Harry at the beginning of the story ?
16
16

What year does Harry leave for France ?
1790
1790

Who recognizes Marie in the marketplace and has her arrested ?
Lebat , son of the mayor of Dijon
Lebat

Who does Harry save from a beating in the streets ?
Maximilien de Robespierre
Maxmilien de Robespierre

Lebat says he will free Marie in exchange for what ?
Her promise to marry him
Her marrying him .

Where do the Marquis and Marquise de St. Caux send Ernest and Jules ?
England
Paris

Who does Harry end up marrying ?
Jeanne de St. Caux
Jeanne

