What is Chichikov s purpose in the small town ?
To acquire dead souls
to acquire dead souls

By selling these dead souls , what were the landowners getting out of the deal ?
Their taxes would be reduced
they do n't have to pay taxes on them anymore

How many souls does Chichikov acquire ?
400 souls
Four hundred .

What was the rumor circulating about Chichikov ?
That the serfs were dead and he planned to run off with the governor s daughter
The serfs he bought were all dead

Besides Captain Kopeiken , who else did the townspeople accuse Chichikov of being ?
Napolean
Napoleon

What was Chichikov s former job ?
A mid-level government official
Government official .

Why was Chichikov fired as a government official ?
Because of corruption
corruption

After leaving the small town , where does Chichikov go to run his scheme ?
Russia
Other part of Russia

Why does Chichikov get arrested ?
Because he tries to forge the signature of Khlobuyev s aunt
He tries to forge Khlobuyev s aunt s will .

Who intervenes for Chichikov and helps him get a pardon ?
Mourazov
Mourazov

What is Chichikov trying to buy from the land owners in the town he visits ?
Dead souls .
dead souls

Why would a landowner want to sell a dead soul ?
To avoid being taxed for a person who no longer lives on the property .
To save money on taxes

What does Chichikov ultimately plan to do with the dead souls he buys ?
He wants to take out a large loan against them and keep the money .
Take out a loan and pocket the money

What stops Chichikov from accomplishing his goal ?
Wild rumors about his intentions and identity arise .
Rumors about his background cause him to be ostracized .

How many dead souls does Chichikov buy ?
400 .
400

What characteristics do some of the landowner display in their dealings with Chichikov ?
Greed , paranoia , corruption .
greed , corruption , and paranoia

Why was Chichikov fired from his job with the government ?
He was guilty of corruption .
corruption

What is the name of the General s daughter ?
Ulinka .
Ulinka

Why does Tentetnikov want to make a good impression on General Bertrishchev ?
He wants to marry the General s daughter .
he wants to marry his daughter

Why is Chichikov arrested after he buys an estate from Khlobuyev ?
He is caught forging the signature of Khlobuyev s aunt on a will .
For forging the will of Khlobuyev s rich aunt

What is Chichikov s plan when he arrives in town ?
To acquire dead souls .
To purchase dead souls from landowners .

What determines the number of serfs per landowner ?
The census that is taken by the government .
A Census

Who are the dead souls ?
Serfs that are no longer living .
Dead serfs

About how many souls does Chichikov purchase the rights to ?
Four hundred .
400

Why are dead serfs still being taxed by the government ?
Because the census is so infrequent .
lack of census data

Who does Tentetnikov wish to marry ?
The general s daughter , Ulinka .
General Betrishchev s daughter , Ulinka

How does Chichikov intend to get rich off the dead souls ?
By taking out a huge loan against them , and pocketing the money .
take out a loan against them

Why was Chichikov previously fired from his mid-level government position ?
Corruption .
corruption

Why is Chichikov arrested in the end ?
For attempting to forge the will of Khlobuyev s rich aunt .
He tries to forge a will

Who intervenes to get Chichikov pardoned ?
Mourazov .
Mourazov

