How old is Marcus Yallow ?
17 years old
17

What was Marcus accused of in his high school ?
Hacking into the school .
Hacking into the school

Why did Marcus and Darryl escape school ?
To play in the massive augmented reality role game .
To participate in a scavenger hunt .

Who was stabbed ?
Darryl .
Darryl

What entity held Marcus and his friends in a trailer ?
The Department of Homeland Security .
Department of Homeland Security

Why did Marcus get so mad ?
He thinks that his civil rights were ignored .
he was wrongfully imprisoned

What did Marcus do in revolt ?
He set up technological attacks on the DHS .
He hacks the DHS .

What group raided the DHS compound ?
Highway patrol troopers
Highway patrol troopers .

Who were released along with Marcus ?
Vanessa and Jolu .
Jolu and Vanessa .

In which city did the explosions go off ?
San Francisco .
San Fancisco

Where is Marcus Yallow from ?
Marcus is from San Francisco .
Marcus is from San Francisco

Marcus ' school was named after what famous person ?
Cesar Chavez
Cesar Chavez .

What is the relationship between Marcus and his principal , Mr. Benson ?
Marcus and Benson do not get along .
Marcus think Benson is trying to get rid of him .

What does Marcus think that Mr. Berson is trying to do with him ?
Get rid off him or kicked out of school .
He thinks he s trying to remove him from school .

What set off the sirens and alarms in the city ?
The explosions
Explosions set off the alarms in the city .

Who is Darryl ?
Darryl is Marcus ' best friend
Marcus s best friend

What injury did Darryl accrued while being with his friend , Marcus ?
He was stabbed in the crowed .
He is stabbed .

What type of interrogating practice was occurring when highway patrol troopers raided the DHS compound ?
Waterboarding
The homeland security people were using waterboarding interrogation techniques .

Out of Marcus and Darryl , who was freed by the DHS first ?
Marcus
Marcus

What activity does the vice principal accuse Marcus of doing ?
Hacking into the school .
Hacking

Why is Marcus let go from the hacking allegations ?
There was not enough evidence against him .
lack of evidence

Why do Marcus and Daryl escape school later in the day ?
To play in a massive augmented reality role play game .
To participate in a large scavenger hunt .

What are Marcus and his friends doing when the explosions go off ?
Searching for a part for the game s scavenger hunt .
Marcus and his friends were on a scavenger hunt around the city

Why does Darryl need medical attention ?
He was stabbed leaving the shelter .
stabbing

What happens when the group flags down a vehicle to get to a hospital ?
They have hoods placed over their heads and are put in the back of a van .
They get kidnapped

Who holds Marcus and his friends to be interrogated ?
Department of Homeland Security
The Department of Homeland Security .

How long does DHS hold Marcus and his friends ?
6 days .
Marcus was held for six days .

Why does Marcus decide to rebel against the DHS ?
He feels his civil rights and personal liberties are being violated .
he was wrongfully imprisoned

What happens when Marcus is undergoing a waterboarding interrogation ?
The DHS is raided by the FBI and DHS agents are arrested .
The DHS is raided .

