Why does Arabella s father call off her marriage to George ?
Because his father lost all of his money .
because the Vicar had lost all his money through his merchant investor s bankruptcy

How many children does Dr. Primrose have ?
Six
Six

Why is Dr. Primrose sent to prison ?
Because of debts owed to Squire Thornbill after everything is lost in a fire .
he can not pay rent

What comes of Dr. Primrose 34 pound yearly salary as a vicar ?
It is donated to orphans and war veterans .
He gives it away to orphans and war veterans .

How did Dr. Primrose acquire his wealth from the beginning of the story ?
It was inherited and invested
Investing an inheritance

Where was George educated ?
Oxford
Oxford

What happens to Dr. Primrose s wealth ?
The merchant he invests with declares Bankruptcy and flees town
He loses it through his merchant investor s bankruptcy and skipping town

Why was George Primrose imprisoned ?
For dueling with Squire Thornbill
He challenged Squire Thornhill to a duel

How does Olivia end up married to Squire Thornbill ?
His intended sham marriage turns out to be real due to being tricked by a servant .
they marry in a mock ceremony which turns out to be real .

How did the vicar become wealthy ?
He inherited money from a deceased family member .
investing an inheritance

How is Sir William Thornhill different from his evil nephew , Squire Thornhill ?
Sir William Thornhill is generous .
known for his worthiness and generosity

Why did the vicar lose all of his money ?
His bankrupt merchant investor left town .
His merchant investor went bankrupt and left town

Which one of the vicar s family member s was falsely reported dead ?
His daughter Olivia .
Olivia

Why did George challenge Thornhill to a duel ?
He found out that Thornhill was evil .
He d heard about all the evil Thornhill had inflicted on his family .

Why is the vicar sent to prison ?
He could not pay rent .
he can not pay rent

How did Olivia and her father find their home when they returned ?
They found it in flames .
in flames

Why was George sent to prison and covered in blood ?
He challenged Thornhill to a duel .
He dueled with Thornhill

How many weddings are there in the end of the story ?
There were two weddings .
two

What happens with the wealth of the vicar in the end ?
It is restored .
It is restored

How much does the Charles Primrose make as a Vicar ?
34 pounds a year .
34 pounds annually

What does the Vicar do with his salary ?
He donates it to orphans and war veterans .
donates it to local orphans and war veterans

Why is George s wedding to Arabella called off ?
The Vicar looses all his money .
The Vicar s bankruptcy

On whose land is the new Parish the family move to ?
Squire Thornhill .
Squire Thornhill

Who rescues Sophia from drowning ?
Mr. Burchell .
Mr. Burchell

Who did Squire Thornhill plan to deceive with a fake marriage ?
Olivia .
Olivia

Why is the Vicar taken to prison ?
He ca n't pay his rent .
He could n't pay the rent .

What is Mr. Burchell s real identity ?
Sir William Thornhill .
Sir William Thornhill

Who does Arabella marry ?
George .
George

Whose house burns down ?
The Vicar s .
the Primrose family s home

