What does Ventidius offer Antony to get him to leave Cleopatra ?
troops
Octavia

Who attempts to get Cleopatra and Antony together to talk , but is unsuccessful ?
Charmion , Cleopatra s lady in waiting
Dolabella

How does Cleopatra prove to Antony that she would n't betray him just to save her own life ?
she shows him a letter stating that she did n't take Egypt and Syria from Octavius .
She shows letters saying she refused Egypt and Syria from Octavia

What does Dolabella tell Antony is necessary in order to end the war ?
Antony must return to his wife , Octavia and his children
Reconcile with his wife .

Cleopatra and Dolabella devise a plan after Cleopatra and Octavia fight to do what ?
to make Antony jealous
Win Antony s love .

Octavia leaves Antony when he continued to believe in Cleopatra , but what happens when Cleopatra and Dolabella try to explain what happened ?
Antony wo n't believe them
Antony refused to believe Cleopatra .

What happens when Antony takes Cleopatra s Naval fleet ?
Antony returns to Caesar and they sail to Alexandria
He sails to Caesar .

What happens when Antony and Ventidius meet up to fight ?
Alexas , Cleopatra s messenger comes in and tells Antony Cleopatra is dead
Antony is told that Cleopatra is dead .

When Ventidius kills himself instead of killing Antony like Antony begged him to after finding out Cleopatra was dead , what does Antony do ?
he attempts and fails at committing suicide
Try to kill himself .

When Cleopatra comes in and sees Antony dying what does she do ?
Cleopatra commits suicide as soon as Antony dies .
commits suicide

How does Ventidius feel about Antony s relationship with Cleopatra ?
He disagrees with it
He does n't like it .

Who does Serapion believe Cleopatra is in love with ?
Antony
Antony

What is Dolabella s relationship to Antony ?
Dolabella is Antony s friend
Friend .

What does Cleopatra do when she finds Antony dying ?
She commits suicide
Kill herself .

What is Charmion s relationship to Cleopatra ?
Charmion is Cleopatra s lady in waiting
Charimion is Cleopatra s Lady in Waiting

What does Charmion attempt to set up for the sake of Cleopatra ?
A meeting with Anthony
Set up a meeting between her and Anthony .

What does Cleopatra s letter demonstrate to Antony ?
Her loyalty to Antony
That she wo n't betray him .

What piece of jewelry does Cleopatra tie to Antony ?
A bracelet
bracelet

Who does Antony fight before dying ?
Ventidius
Ventidius

Who is Ventidius ?
A Roman General
A Roman general

What does Ventidius offer Anthony to leave Cleopatra ?
troops
troops

What does Cleopatra send with Alexas to win Anthony back ?
jewels and a bracelet
Jewels .

When does Anthony proclaim his love for Cleopatra ?
when she produces a letter showing she refused Egypt and Syria
At the end of Act two .

Whom does Anthony rightfully belong to ?
Octavia
Octavia .

Why does Anthony ask Dolabella to tell Cleopatra that he is leaving ?
so he wo n't be tempted to stay
Because he does n't have the strength to do it himself .

Why does Antony want Ventidius to kill him ?
he thinks Cleopatra is dead
He thinks Cleopatra is dead .

Why does Cleopatra kill herself ?
Anthony died
Because Antony dies .

Where did Anthony take Cleopatra s naval fleet ?
to caesar
He sails to Caesar

