What company does Marc DuQuesne buy a controlling interest in ?
World Steel Corporation
The World Steel Corporation

What is Marc DuQuesne s nickname ?
Blackie
Blackie

What opaque , spherical shield does Richard Seaton try to master ?
Zone of Force
zone of force

From what planet do natives invade Osnome ?
Urvan
the natives of Fernachrone

Whose weapons have exceeded any seen by Seaton and the Osnomians ?
Natives of Fenachrone
the Fenachrones '

What do Blackie and his aid intend to steal for their own personal use ?
A Fenachrone battleship
a battleship

Who is Seaton s millionaire sponsor ?
Martin Crane
Martin Crane

On which planet is the Skylark Three built and equipped ?
Norlamin
Normalin

Which colony of people does Seaton destroy at the end ?
The Fenachrone colony
the Fernachrone colony

Who does Seaton presume is dead near the end ?
Marc DuQuesne
DuQuesne

What company does DeQuesne buy with his wealth ?
World Steel Corporation
World Steel Corporation

Why does DeQuesne leave Earth ?
To find a more knowledgeable species .
To find another species more knowledgeable than the Osnomians

What do Dunkark and Sitar ask of Seaton ?
To fight against the invasion of Urvan Natives
to stop an invasion

Why did Seaton and Craine leave in the spaceship ?
To find minerals
To search for species who know how to use the zone of force .

Who attacks Seaton and Craine ?
Fenachrone Natives
Natives of the planet Fenachrone

Who does Seaton capture ?
A lead crew member of the Fenachrone
A crew-member of the ship .

What does DeQuesne plan to do after the interrogation ?
Capture a Fenachrone battleship .
he plans to capture an entire Fenachrone battleship for personal use

Why are Seaton and Craine going to the Green System ?
To the zone of force .
To find those who know how to use the zone of force .

What happens when the Fenachrone refuse to stop their conquest ?
Seaton destroys their recon ships
Seaton destroys their ships and home planet

Who is presumed dead at the end of the story ?
DeQuesne
DuQuesne

Who allies with DuQuesne to find a more knowledgeable species than the Osnomians ?
Richard Seaton allies with DuQuesne .
Protagonist Richard Seaton

Why did DuQuesne disappear and travel far away ?
To break the connection to the Object Compass ' .
to find a species with more knowledge then the Osnomians

Why did n't Seaton do anything when DuQuesne disapparead ?
Seaton was busy mastering the zone of fore .
He thinks he s dead

Who attacks Seaton and companions near the Green System ?
The Fenachrones attack Seaton .
Natives of the planet Fenachrone

What are the Fenachrones ' plans ?
They intend to conquer the Milky Way Galaxy and the Universe .
Universal conquest

Who is Seaton s millionaire sponsor ?
Martin Crane is the sponsor .
Martin Crane

Who is invading Osnome ?
Natives from the planet Urvan ' are invading Osnome .
Urvan

What is the name of the new ship built to fight the Fenachrone ?
Skylark Three is the new ship .
Skylark II

What happens to DuQuesne in the end ?
He survives .
He is presumed to be dead , though he is not actually dead .

