How long was Nelson Mandela in jail for ?
27 years
27

Who became the first black president of South Africa ?
Nelson Mandela
Nelson Mandela

What sport do the Springboks play ?
Rugby
Rugby

What event did South Africa host in 1995 ?
The Rugby World Cup
Rugby world cup

What is the name of the poem that was a source of inspiration for Mandela in prison ?
Invictus
invictus

Which team was known as the All Blacks ?
New Zealand
New zealand

Where did Mandela spend his first 18 years in prison ?
Robben Island
Robben Island

What message was painted on the undersides of the wings of the Boeing 747 ?
Good luck , Bokke
Good Luck , Bokke

What was the final score for New Zealand in the final ?
12
12

What day was Nelson Mandela released from prison after serving 27 years ?
February 11 , 1990
February 11 , 1990

What amazes Francois the most about Mandela ?
that he could spend all that time in jail and be so willing to forgive when he got out
That he could spend so much time in jail and come out forgiving people

What patriotic message was painted on the underside of the wings of a low flying 747 ?
Good Luck Bokke
Good Luck , Bokke

What is the final score of the Springbok and All Blacks game for the rugby World Cup ?
Springbok defeated the All Blacks 15-12 in extra time
15-12

What is Invictus ?
a British poem that inspired Mandela while he was in prison
A poem .

What does the Springbok rugby team represent for the black people at the beginning of the story ?
prejudice , apartheid , and white supremacy
white supremecy

What historical event happens in Africa four years after Mandela was released from prison ?
Mandela was elected as the first black president of South Africa
Mandela was elected as the first black president of South Africa

What does Mandela think winning the rugby World Cup will do ?
Unite and Inspire the nation
bring the nation together .

What is Mandela wearing as he takes the field following the inspirational message from the 747 ?
A Springbok hat and a long sleeved replica of Pienaar s # 6 jersey
Pienaar # 6 shirt and Springboks cap

What is Mandela heard reciting as he sits in his car and watches the African people celebrate the world cup win ?
The poem Invictus
invictus

In what year was Nelson Mandela elected the first black President of South Africa ?
Mandela was elected the first black President of South Africa in 1994 .
1994

What problem in South Africa does President Mandela fear will lead to violence ?
Mandela fears that racial division between blacks and whites in South Africa will lead to violence .
racial divisions

Who was Captain of the Springboks ?
Francois Pienaar was Captian of the Springboks .
Francois Pienaar

What is Invictus ?
Invictus is the title of a British poem that inspired Mandela while he was in prison .
A British poem

Where was the 1995 rugby world cup match played ?
The 1995 rugby world cup match was played in South Africa .
South Africa

What team did the Springboks have to beat to get into the World Cup match ?
The Springboks had to beat the French rugby team to advanct to the World cup Match
France

Why did Mandella spend 18 years at Robben Island ?
Mandela was in prison at Robben Island for 18 years .
Because he was in jail .

When did Mandela and Pienaar realize that their plan was working ?
By the Springbroks second match , the whole country seemed to be cheering them on .
The second game

