Why does Andrew return to New Jersey ?
To attend his mother s funeral .
His mother died .

What do Mark and Dave do for a living ?
They dig graves .
dig graves

Why does Andrew s father get Andrew a doctor s appointment ?
Because Andrew has been having headaches .
He gets him an appointment for his headaches

Who does Andrew meet in the doctor s waiting room ?
Sam
Sam

What medical condition does Sam have ?
Sam has epilepsy .
Epilepsy and a pathological liar

Why does Andrew s father blame him for Andrew s mother s paralysis ?
Because Andrew s mother became paralzyed when he , as a child , pushed her over a broken dishwasher in a fit of frustration .
He pushed his mother .

Why did Andrew s psychiatrist father prescibe Andrew mood stablizers and anti-depressants his entire adult life ?
Because he wanted to help control Andrew s anger issues .
To curb the supposed anger he had

What reason does Albert give for living and working at the quarry ?
He says that it is unique , and has never been done before .
doing something unique

What is the gift that Mark gives Andrew ?
Andrew s mother s favorite pendant .
a pendant

What does Andrew do at the airport at the end of the story ?
Andrew gets off the plane and goes back to Sam .
Kisses Sam

Who originally put Andrew on medication ?
Andrew s father put him on medications
His father .

What caused Andrew s mother to become a paraplegic ?
Andrew got angry and pushed her over a broken dishwasher .
Andrew pushed her into a washing machine

Who was a pathological liar ?
Sam was a pathological liar .
Sam

Why does Andrew go to the doctor ?
Because he keeps having headaches .
Andrew goes to the doctor for headaches he had been having .

What happened after Andrew did drugs at the party ?
Nothing . He remained detached .
He remains detached

Who was stealing jewelry from the corpses ?
Mark was stealing jewelry from the corpses .
Mark .

When Andrew is telling sam about his mother s death , who does she begin a eulogy for ?
Her hamster .
her hamster

Why did Andrew s father put him on medications ?
To curb his anger '
His father wanted to curb Andrew s anger .

What did the message say from Andrew s father ?
To come home because his mother has died .
That Andrew s mother had died

What did Jesse make that created his fortune ?
Silent velcro .
silent velcro

What is Andrew dreaming about in the begining of the story ?
He is dreaming about sitting apathetically on a crashing plane .
Sitting on a plane about to crash

What is the news that made Andrew fly from Los Angeles to his home in New Jersey ?
His mother death .
his mother died

Who are the grave-diggers Mark and Dave to Andrew ?
They are old friends .
Old friends

Where did Mark and Dave invite Andrew to the night of the funeral ?
To a party .
a party

How did Andrew s friend Jesse create a fortune ?
By creating silent Velcro .
He created silent velcro

What is the condition that Sam admits having in the waiting room when Andrew and her meet ?
She admits to being a pathological liar .
She s a pathological liar .

Who put Andrew under medication for his entire adult life ?
His father .
his father

What is Sam s condition that is revealed to Andrew by Sam s mom ?
Epilepsy .
Epilepsy

Who did Andrew open up to about having pushed his mother as a boy and unfortunately leaving her paraplegic ?
Sam .
Sam

What did Sam do when Andrew was saying his goodbyes at the airport ?
She beged him not to leave .
She begs him not to leave

