What city does Nick Conklin serve as a police officer ?
New York City
New York City

What does Internal Affairs believe that Nick and his partner were involved in that may result in criminal charges ?
taking criminal money in a corruption scandal
Theft of crime money

Who is Charlie Vincent to Nick ?
his partner
His partner

Where is Sato being extradited to ?
Osaka
Osaka

Who s counterfeiting scheme did Sato travel to New York to disrupt ?
Sugai
Notorious crime boss Sugai .

What did a motorcyclist steal from Charlie before leading him to an underground parking garage ?
his coat
His coat

What did Sato and several others do to Charlie once he was in the underground parking garage ?
They tortured and killed him .
torture and kill him

After Nick and Matsumoto trailed trailed one of Sato s operatives , where did they find Sato and Sugai meeting ?
a steel foundry
A steel foundry

What was the reason that Sugai said he was making counterfeit US currency ?
It was his revenge for the black rain .
It is his revenge for the nuclear fallout from WWII .

What did Matsumoto find in the box that Nick gave him with the dress shirt ?
the counterfeit printing plates
counterfeit printing plates

Who kills Japanese mobsters at a New York City restaurant ?
Sato
Sato

Why does Nick s captain assign him to escort Sato back to Osaka ?
He believes it will keep him out of more trouble .
To keep him out of trouble and from worsening the IA investigation .

Why did Matsumoto feel disgraced ?
Nick stole counterfeit money while Matsumoto was helping him .
Because of Nick s theft

Who is the hostess at the American nightclub that helps Nick and Charlie ?
Joyce
Joyce

Why was Nick under investigation by Internal Affairs ?
They believe he was involved in a corruption scandal taking criminal money .
unlawfully taking criminal money

What was in the package Sato stole from the mobsters in New York City ?
An American $ 100 printing plate .
A printing plate for $ 100 bills .

Which one of the characters gets tortured in the underground parking lot ?
Charlie
Charlie

Why was Soto in New York City ?
He was there to ruin Sugai s counterfeiting plans .
To disrupt Sugai s counterfeiting plans .

What did Nick give Matsumono before finally leaving Japan ?
A gift box with a dress shirt with the stolen printing plates .
A dress shirt and printing plates

How did Sato and his gang manage to lure and trap Charlie in the underground garage ?
A guy on a motorcycle steals his coat .
Motorcyclist steals his coat , luring Charlie , who chases after him

Who is investigating Nick ?
Internal Affairs
Internal Affairs

What is Nick s partners name ?
Charlie Vincent
Charlie Vincent

What is the gangsters name that is to extradited ?
Sato
Sato

Who told Nick he had been duped by imposters ?
The Japanese police .
Osaka police

What does Nick discover while talking to Joyce ?
Sato is fighting a gang war with crime boss Sugai .
How the Japanese view Americans .

What does Nick take from the crime scene ?
A few 100 dollar bills .
a few $ 100 bills

What does Nick witness in the underground parking garage ?
Charlie s murder .
Torture and murder of his partner , Charlie

Why does Nick get arrested ?
For waving a gun in public .
For waving a gun in public .

Who plans a massacre ?
Sato
Sato

What does Nick give Masumoto as a gift ?
A dress shirt and counterfiet printing plates .
dress shirt

