When Morpheus offers Neo a choice between the red pill and the blue pill , which one does he choose ?
The red pill .
The red pill

Even though the human population believes they are going about their normal lives , where are they really ?
In pods where they are hooked up to a simulated reality .
The Matrix

Neo learns that the Agents are not human but are in fact what ?
Sentient machines .
powerful sentient programs

What does the Oracle tell Trinity about her and the One ?
That Trinity would fall in love with him .
She will fall in love with the One .

What does the Oracle tell Neo he will soon need to choose between ?
His own life and the life of Morpheus .
His life and Morpheus '

Why did Cypher betray Morpheus and the rebels ?
Because he was offered a luxurious life in the Matrix .
he wanted a comfortable life within the Matrix

When the Agents capture and interrogate Morpheus , what are they trying to get from him ?
His codes to get into Zion , the rebels hideout .
The access code to the mainframe computer in Zion .

What do the intelligent machines harvest from humans as they are kept in their pods ?
Bioelectric energy .
Bioelectricity

What grants people the superhuman powers displayed by the rebels and Agents ?
Knowledge of the true nature of reality .
they understand reality is simulation and can bend rules

According to the prophecy , what was the One supposed to do ?
Free the humans from the Matrix and lead the uprising against the machines .
The One is meant to lead the enslaved humans in a war against the machines .

What is Trinity most commonly known for being ?
A hacker
A hacker .

What is Thomas Anderson s hacker alias ?
Neo
Neo

What is Thomas Anderson s occupation ?
A computer programmer
computer programmer

Which prase keeps repeating on Thomas s computer screen ?
The Matrix
The Matrix

What colored pills did Morpheus ask Neo to choose between ?
A red and a blue pill
red

Which pill did Neo ultimately Choose ?
The red pill
the red pill

Who is the Oracle ?
A prophet
A prophet who predicted the One

Who gets caught on purpose in order for Neo and the crew to get away ?
Morpheus
Morpheus

Who decides to return to the Matrix in an attempt to save Morpheus ?
Neo
Neo

What did Neo tell the Matrix he would show their prisoners ?
A world where anything is possible
A world wehre anything is possible .

What does Trinity do for a living ?
She is a hacker
She s a hacker

When does Trinity vanish once being chased by superhuman black-suited Agents ?
After answering a ringing public telephone
After answering a ringing public phone

What is Thomas Anderson s profession ?
A computer programmer
computer programmer

What is the name of the agent who leads the apprehension of Neo at his office ?
Agent Smith
Smith

Why does the group enter the matrix ?
To visit the oracle
To visit the Oracle

Who is considered the One ?
neo
Neo

What is Zion ?
The only refuge in the real world for the human rebels
Zion is place where the human rebels lives .

Who makes the proposal to kill Morpheus ?
Tank
Tank

Who kills Neo before he can leave the Matrix ?
Agent Smith
Agent Smith

What revives Neo after his death ?
Trinity kisses him
A kiss from Trinity .

