Why is Enid s diploma withheld ?
She needs to finish a remedial art course .
She must attend a remedial art class

Why does Enid s teachers dismiss her sketches ?
She believes they are nothing more than light entertainment .
Finds the offensive

What happens after Rachel and Enid prank-call Seymour ?
They convince him to meet the girll he was looking for at a diner and then make fun of Seymour there .
Enid feels bad for him and ends up becoming his friend .

How does Enid get a scholarship offer for art school ?
She passes off an old poster for Coon Chicken Inn as a commentary on racism .
she impresses her art teacher by presenting a promotional poster as a social comment on racism

What causes Enid to be jealous of Seymour ?
Seymour goes on a date with Dana , the girl from the personal ad he placed .
his relationship with Dana

What happens to the job Enid gets to pay for renting an apartment with Rebecca ?
She loses it after one day of workig the job .
Enid was fired

What happens to Enid s scholarship after the art show ?
It is revoked and shee is given an F in her class .
Revoke the scholarship

Why does Seymour break up with Dana ?
He has a one night stand with Enid .
He breaks up with her after his one night stand with Enid .

How does Seymour find about the prank call that allowed him to meet Enid ?
Rebecca tells him about it when he ca n't get ahold of Enid .
Rebecca tells him .

What was Enid s childhood fantasy ?
Her childhood fantasy was to run away from home .
running away from home and disappearing .

Why does Enid have to attend a remedial art class to get her diploma ?
Enid s art teacher thinks Enid is just playing around with her work and not taking it seriously .
because her art teacher thinks her art is light entertainment rather than being socially meaningful

Where did Rebecca and Enid learn of Seymour ?
They seen a personal ad Seymour wrote for a woman he had met wanting her to contact him .
a personal ad

What happens when Enid buys an old record album from Seymour ?
Enid and Seymour become friends .
They become friends , she tries to find women for him to date .

After becoming friends , what does Enid decide to do for Seymour ?
Enid trys to find Seymour a date .
Try to find him a woman to date

Where does Seymour work at ?
Cook s Chicken
Cook s Chicken

Why does Roberta take give Enid a failing grade and take away her scholarship ?
The school officials make Roberta do that because they find her poster so offensive .
The art show poster was so offensive that school officials forced Roberta to do it .

What happens when Enid goes to Seymour for comfort ?
Enid and Seymour get drunk and sleep together .
they had a one night stand

Why does Rebecca tell Seymour about Enid s prank phone call she made to him ?
Rebecca was mad at Enid because they were having problems and not getting along .
To get Josh in trouble

What happens when Seymour confronts Josh about the prank phone call ?
Seymour gets hurt and has to be put in the hospital .
he is injured and ends up in the hospital

What does Seymour realize when Enid comes to visit him in the hospital ?
Seymour realizes that there is no way Enid and him will ever have a future together .
that there is no chance of a future with Enid

What does Enid need to do to get her diploma ?
take a remedial art class
She needs a remedial art class .

What is Seymour selling at a garage sale ?
vintage records
vintage records

What was Cook s Chicken formerly known as ?
Coon Chicken Inn
Coon Chicken Inn

What does Seymour lend Enid for her art class ?
an old poster
an old poster

Who tells Seymour about Enid s prank call ?
Rebecca
Rebecca

What is the name of the old man at the bus stop ?
Norman
Charles C. Stevenson Jr .

How long does it take Enid to get fired ?
One day
one day

What lands Seymour in the hospital ?
confronting Josh
he is injured while confronting Josh

What does Enid s teacher offer her after her poster presentation ?
an art school scholarship
a scholarship to an art college

What does Enid s teacher believe art must be to be good ?
socially meaningful
Socially meaningful

