Who believed that their peace and personal security were in danger ?
The Southerners
Southerners

What did Lincoln believe he had no lawful right to change ?
Slavery
Slavery

Who swore to preserve , protect and defend the United States Constitution ?
Lincoln
Lincoln

Who would meet a firm and forceful response if they took up arms against the government ?
The South
the South

What was established to form a more perfect union ?
The Constitution
the constitution

Who wanted to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act ?
Lincoln
Lincoln

What was approved by both houses of the United States Congress ?
The Corwin Ammendment of the Constitution
The Corwin Amendment .

What did Lincoln plea for at the end of his speech ?
Calm and cool deliberation
calm and cool deliberation

What would continue to operate throughout the south unless repelled ?
U.S. mails
The U.S. postal service .

Which political party agreed to allow each individual state to determine slavery laws ?
The Republician Party
republican

What did Lincoln plea for during the tension throughout the nation ?
Calm and cool deliberation .
Calm and cool deliberation .

What did Lincoln say regarding states that had been seceded ?
That they would need to follow the federal laws .
That the Constitution was binding and perpetual in regards to the states being in union , and that this could not be rescinded without the agrement of both North and South .

What speech was covered ?
The first inaugural speech by Lincoln .
Lincoln s inaugural address

Did the Constitution mention what could be done about slavery in the territories ?
It did not cover slavery in the territories .
It would have protected slavery in the states it already existed .

What did the Fugitive Slave Act do ?
It protected blacks from illegally being kidnapped and sold into slavery
Prevented slaves from being returned if they ran away .

What would happen if the South decided to fight the government ?
It would be met with a firm and forceful response .
war

Why did Lincoln think the Constitution was written ?
To form a more perfect union .
a more perfect union

Lincoln said he would not force what upon the South ?
Obnoxious strangers from the North .
Coercion .

The mail service would continue unless what happened ?
It was repelled .
U.S. Mails

What amendment protected slaves in states that already had them ?
The Corwin Amendment .
The Corwin Amendment .

What was Lincoln s conclusion to the subject of slavery ?
He guaranteed the right for every individual state to decide for themselves about slavery .
It was okay as long as free blacks were n't being kidnapped and sold into slavery .

What was Lincoln s views about the states that already incorporated slavery ?
He did not have any intention to interfere in the states where slavery existed .
He stated he had no purpose to interfere directly or indirectly with slavery where it existed .

What promise did Lincoln make on the subject of using force ?
He would not use force against the south unless it interfered with his responsibilities of the federal government .
There would be no use of force against the South .

What was the Corwin Amendment ?
It was an amendment that formally protected slavery in those states that already practiced it but also allow other states to establish it .
An amendment that protected slavery .

What was Lincoln s views on the Corwin Amendment ?
He did not object it and felt that the original Constitution had already protected slavery .
He had no objections to it .

What was Lincoln s plans for federal offices in the south ?
He decided not to implement these offices in the south .
to forego them

What did Lincoln say about the Constitution being rescinded ?
It could not be legally done without the consent of all states in the north and south .
It could not be legally rescinded without an agreement from all parties .

What kind of worries did Lincoln hold about the Fugitive Slave Act ?
Free blacks being kidnapped and sold back into slavery .
that it might make free blacks vulnerable to kidnapping and illegally being sold as slaves

When he began his speech , what did Lincoln say he was going to speak about ?
He said he would not speak about any administrative issues where there was no excitement or anxiety and would mostly address concerns of the South .
The concerns of the Southerners .

What did Lincoln say about the Postal Service ?
Unless repelled , the postal service would continue operation in the south .
that it would continue to operate in the South unless repelled

