What does that character do in the effort of getting a look at the dead poets papers ?
He presents himself as a lodger and agrees to woo a spinster in the home where the poet has left papers .
Tries to court Miss Tita

Does Julianna come forward with the papers the narrator is looking for ?
She denies that they exist .
No .

How does the main character find help in procuring the papers ?
Miss Tita , the woman he agreed to woo while trying to gain Julianna s compliance , agrees to help him .
Ms.Tita

What does Julianna offer the main character after she says she has no papers regarding the poet ?
She offeres to sell him a portrait miniature of Aspern for a very high price .
A portrait miniature .

What does the main character do when the innkeeper becomes ill ?
He sneaks into her room to look for the papers of the poet he is investigating .
He flees .

What is the only way the main character can get the letters and papers he seeks ?
He has to marry miss Tita .
If he marries MissTita .

What did Miss Tita do with the papers from the poet ?
She burned them all one by one .
She burns them .

Does the main character come away from the situation with anything regarding the poet ?
He has the portrait and pays Miss Tita for that .
No

Why does the narrator go to Venice ?
to find Juliana Bordereau , an ex-love or Jeffrey Aspern
To find Juliana Bordereau .

Who is Jeffrey Aspern ?
A dead American poet who has become famous
A famous and now dead American poet

How does the narrator attempt to win Juliana s trust ?
by pretending to want to date her niece Miss Tita/Tina while being a renter in her home
He is prepared to court her niece .

What does Juliana agree to sell the narrator ?
a small photo of Jeffrey Aspern
A miniature portrait of Aspern .

What happens when Juliana finds the narrator about to go through her things ?
she collapses and later dies before the narrator returns to her home
She collapses

What does Tita tell the narrator he can do to get the papers ?
She tells him he can have the papers if he marries her
Marry her

What does Tita tell the narrator she did with the papers when he left without marrying her ?
she burned them
She burned them one by one

What does Juliana call the narrator before collapsing ?
a publishing scoundrel
A publishing scoundrel .

Who is Miss Tita/Tina ?
Juliana s unattractive , unmarried niece
Juliana s niece .

Why does the narrator got to Venice ?
to find Juliana Bordereau
To find Juliana Bordereau .

Who is Jeffrey Aspern ?
a famous dead American poet
A dead American poet .

Who has the letters from Jeffrey Aspern ?
Juliana
Juliana

Who catches the narrator going through Juliana s desk ?
Juliana
Juliana

What does Juliana call the narrator when she finds he s trying to find the letters ?
a publishing scoundrel
A publishing scoundrel

How can the narrator get the letters from Ms. Tita after Juliana dies ?
by marrying her
By marrying Ms. Tita .

What does Ms. Tita tell the narrator after he reconsiders her proposal of marriage ?
she burned the letters
That she burned each letter individually

What does the narrator eventually send Ms. Tita money for ?
a small portrait of Jeffrey
The miniature portrait of Aspern

Who was Jeffrey to Juliana ?
An old lover
An old lover .

Who is Ms. Tita to Juliana ?
her neice
Her neice

