What planet was Queen Amidala s ship forced to land on to get its hyperdrive repaired ?
Tatooine
Tatooine

Why is the Jedi Council concerned about Anakin being trained as a Jedi ?
Because he is susceptible to the dark side
Because he is vulnerable to the dark side

Who is cut in half by Obi-Wan Kenobi ?
Darth Maul
Darth Maul

What is Anakin s mother s name ?
Shmi
Shmi

Where is the Gungan city Jar Jar Binks leads the Jedi to located ?
Underwater
Underwater

Who is the Trade Federation s secret advisor ?
Darth Sidious
Darth Sidious

Who did Queen Amidala make a vote of no confidence against ?
Valorum
Valorum

What is the capital city on the surface of Naboo ?
Theed
Theed

What did the Trade Federation invade Naboo with ?
A droid army
an army of battle droids

Who is Qui-Gon Jinn s apprentice ?
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-wan Kenobi

Who is Qui Gon Jinn s apprentixe ?
Obi Wan Kenobi .
Obi-Wan-Kenobi

What negotiation is Qui Gon Jinn s trying to make with the Trade Federation ?
End a blockage of battleships against Naboo .
to end a blockade of battleships around the planet of Naboo

What Gongon outcast does Qui Gon Jinn save ?
Jar Jar Binks .
Jar Jar Binks

Who is the ruler of Naboo ?
Queen Amidala .
Queen Amidala

Who is Watto s slave ?
Anakin Skywalker .
Anakin Skywalker

What is the name of Anakin s droid ?
CP30 .
C-3PO

Who is Dark Sidious s apprentice ?
Darth Maul .
Darth Maul

How does Qui Gon Jinn die ?
He is killed by Darth Maul .
He gets wounded in a battle with Darth Maul

What is the name of the republic capital ?
Coruscant .
Coruscant

Who wins the podrace ?
Annakin .
Anakin Skywalker

Who sends Jedi master Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi to negotiate with the Trade Federation ?
Supreme Chancellor Valorem
Supreme Chancellor Valorum

Why does the Jedi flee to Naboo ?
Darth Sidious orders Nate Gunray to invade Naboo and kill all the Jedi
Darth Sidious ordered their death

Who does Qui-Gon save from being killed on Naboo ?
Jar Jar Binks
Jar Jar Binks

Why does Jar Jar lead the Jedi to Gungan City ?
to talk to Boss Nass about helping Naboo s citizens
They saved him and he feels indebted to help them try to persuade Boss Nass into helping the people of Naboo .

Where does Queen Amidala s starship land after being damaged going through the Federation blockade ?
Tatooine a deserted planet
on the desert planet of Tatooine

Who does Qui-Gon , Jar Jar , R2-D2 , and Amidala meet when they go to Watto s shop for ship parts ?
they meet Anakin Skywalker
Watto and Anakin Skywalker

What does Qui-Gon believe he senses in Anakin ?
a strong sense of the Jedi force
the Force

Why does the Jedi council refuse to allow Qui-Gon to train Anakin to become a Jedi ?
they are afraid he will fall to the dark side
they were concerned that Anakin was vulnerable to the dark side

Why does Amidala decide to return to Naboo with the Jedi after talking to Valorum ?
she is aggrivated with the corruption in the senate
She is frustrated with the corrupt Senate

What happens after the Jedi council promotes Obi-Wan to Jedi Master ?
they finally recognize Anakin as a Jedi apprentice .
Accepts Anakin as Obi-Wan s apprentice

