Why did Joe decide to retire from a life of crime after he robbed of a jewelry store ?
Because a security camera captured his face , and a witness saw him without his mask .
His face was caught on camera

What did Mickey Bergman want Joe and his crew to do ?
He wanted them to rob an airplane that had a lot of gold .
Steal a large amount of gold from an airplane .

Who did Mickey Bergman want to add to Joe s crew ?
He wanted them to add Jimmy Silk , his nephew .
Jimmy Silk

How many times did they try to rob the plane ?
Two times .
two times

Why did Joe want his crew not to finish the airplane job ?
Because he found out that Pinky did n't destroy the getaway car that had their fingerprints on it .
He can be identified from last job .

During the plane robbery , what was Bobby s role ?
He pretended to be airport security .
he poses as airport security personnel

What did Joe and Bobby do with the gold ?
They melted it into long rods .
They melt it into rods

What was Pinky doing when Mickey Bergman apprehended him ?
He was taking his niece to the school bus .
walking his neice to the school bus , trying to save her ( the plan )

What did Fran want Bergman to do with Joe ?
She wanted Bergman to give him some money and let him free .
Give him some money and let him go .

What was in the truck that Joe is in when he s waiting for Fran ?
Black painted rods were in the truck .
black-painted gold rods

Why did Fran s husband decide to become law-abiding ?
During a robbery , his face is seen by a witness and captured on camera
Because his face had been seen by a security camera

Who became the newest member of the robbery crew ?
Jimmy Silk
Jimmy Silk

Why did Joe call of the first attempt to rob the airplane ?
The crew was interrupted by law enforcement officers
Law enforcement was passing by and stopped .

What is the last name of the person who did n't blow up the getaway car ?
Pincus
Pincus

Whose nephew tried to run off with Moore s wife ?
Mickey Bergaman
Jimmy

How did the crew plan to get the van from the airport ?
They called a tow truck to have it hauled away
Have it towed away

What did Bobby and Joe do with the stolen gold ?
melt it into long rods
Painted them black

When did Jimmy s uncle confront Pincus ?
while Pincus was walking his niece to the school bus
when he was alking his kid to school

Where was Bergman when he was killed ?
at Joe s sail boat
at the boat railings he is shot .

Which crew member ended up with the gold at the end of the story ?
Joe
Joe

What causes Joe to want to retire from robbing and stealing ?
Joe s face is seen on the security camera and by a witness .
Because his face was seen by a camera and store employee .

How does Mickey make money legally as a cover ?
clothing business
He runs a garment business

What is the connection between Mickey and Joe ?
Mickey sells the stolen goods for Joe .
Mickey is his fence .

What is the relationship between Jimmy and Mickey ?
Mickey is Jimmy s uncle .
Jimmy is Mickey s nephew

What does Joe have to steal before Mickey will give him the money from the jewelry store ?
Joe has to steal gold bars off of a plane and let Mickey s nephew , Jimmy help .
gold

Who makes up Joe s team that robbed the New York City jewelry store ?
Joe s wife Fran , Don Pinky Pincus , and Bobby Blane
Bobby , Don , and Fran

Why does Jimmy take out his gun the first time the gang tries to rob the plane ?
Police officers stop by and talk to them .
he becomes agitated when passing law officers stop them while they re setting up explosive devices

Who pretends to be a guard when they try to steal from the plane ?
Pinky
Pinky

How does Joe trick Jimmy ?
Joes put washers in the van and not the gold bars .
the compartments were filled with metal washers instead of gold .

How does Joe trick Jimmy at the end of the story ?
The truck that Jimmy and Fran drove off in does not have the gold .
He paints the gold rods black

