What are the names of Sherry s children ?
David and Jennifer
David and Jennifer .

What caused Mr. Johnson to be arrested ?
he and David painted a colorful mural on a brick wall
Mr. Johnson paints a mural on his soda shop

How did the Mayor become colored ' ?
David got him angry
He gets extremely angry and indignant , causing intense emotion and for him to be colored as well .

Why did Jennifer decide to stay in Pleasantville ?
to finish her education
She decides to finish her education in pleasantville .

Where were colored ' people prohibited from in Pleasantville ?
public venues
public areas

Which paint colors were allowed by the town s fathers ?
black , white , and gray
The paint colors allowed were black , white and grey .

How did David and Jennifer get to Pleasantville ?
they were transported there while fighting over the new remote the TV repairman gave them
Through the television using magical remote given to them by a tv repairman

What year was it when Sherry s children arrived in Big Bob s town ?
1958
1958

Why do Pleasantville fireman only rescue cats ?
there are not fires in Pleasantville
There are no fires to fight .

When did David start to accept the changes Jennifer was making to Pleasantville ?
when he began to see the shows characters as real people
When he discovers real humanity in the characters of the show .

What is David s sisters name ?
Jennifer
Jennifer

What is the name of the television show that David watches all the time ?
Pleasantville
Pleasantville .

What decade does the show take place ?
1950 s
1950 s

What is the name of the family that is the main focus in the Pleasantville television show ?
Parker family
Parker

What device transports David and Jennifer to Pleasantville ?
Remote Control
A broken television .

Who gives David the remote control ?
Television repair man
the repair man

What is the mayor of Pleasantville s name ?
Big Bob
Big Bob

Which character is painted in the nude ?
Betty
Betty Parker

Where does Mr. Johnson work ?
The soda shop
Mr. Johnson owns a soda and burger shop .

Where was the television repair man the whole time David and Jennifer where in Pleasantville ?
His truck
in a truck outside the house

What does Mr. Johnson become interested in after he and David visit the library ?
Painting
Painting

Who is the subject of the nude painting that is posted at the soda shop ?
Betty Parker
Betty .

What type of people become banned in public venues ?
Colored People
colored people

At the beginning of the story , what breaks while David and Jennifer are fighting over the television ?
Remote Control
the remote

Who does Betty Parker leave her husband , George Parker , for ?
Mr. Johnson
Mr. Johnson

Which character chooses to stay in Pleasantville at the end of the story ?
Jennifer
Jennifer .

Who is the last person in Pleasantville to become colored ?
Big Bob
Big Bob , the mayor

What are the three paint colors that are not banned in Plesantville ?
Black , Gray & White
The three colors not banned are black , white and grey .

Why does Jennifer decide to stay in Pleasantville ?
To finish her education
A better education

What event causes the end of segregation in Pleasantville ?
Big Bob becoming colored
the mayor runs off

