Who is Maria ?
Harold s neighbor whom he likes .
Harold s neighbor and love interest .

What is Harold Lee s job title ?
Investment banker .
Harold Lee is an investment banker .

Why did Harold and Kumar drive to White Castle ?
To get hamburgers .
They saw a White Castle advertisement .

Why did Kumar suggest they stop at Princeton University on their way to White Castle ?
To buy more marijuana .
To buy marijuana .

What animal was Harold bitten by ?
A raccoon .
A raccoon .

Who is the hitchhiker Harold and Kumar pick up ?
Neil Patrick Harris .
Neil Patrick Harris .

Why is Kumar hesitant in becoming a doctor ?
Because he did not want to conform to a stereotype of Indians .
He does n't want to be part of the stereotype of Indians becoming doctors .

At what type of restaurant were the Jewish neighbors Goldstein and Rosenberg seen eating at ?
At a hot dog restaurant .
A hot dog restaurant .

Where was Maria going to go on her trip ?
Amsterdam .
Maria was going to head to Amsterdam on a trip .

How does Kumar convince Harold to go with him to Amsterdam ?
Marijuana is legal there .
By reminding him marijuana is legal there .

Who was Harold Lee ?
He is an investment banker .
An investment banker .

What did Kumar Patel do at his medical school interview ?
He botched it to prevent being accepted .
He tried to mess it up .

Who was Maria ?
Harold s neighbor .
Harold s neighbor

What happened to the White Castle in New Brunswick ?
It was replaced by Burger Shack .
It was replaced by a Burger Shack .

Why did Harold and Kumar stop at Princeton University ?
In order to buy more marijuana .
To buy more marijuana .

How did Kumar obtain directions to the White Castle from the gunshot victim ?
He successfully performed surgery on him .
He performed surgery on him and was successful

How were Harold and Kumar rescued after crashing into a ditch ?
A tow-truck driver took them to his house so they could repair the car .
Harold and Kumar were rescued after crashing into a ditch by the tow truck driver freakshow .

Who was the hitchhiker that Harold and Kumar picked up ?
Neil Patrick Harris
Neil Patrick Harris .

How did Harold wind up in jail ?
He punched a police officer .
He punched the officer by mistake .

At the end of the story , how did Harold and Kumar pay for their order from White Castle ?
Neil Patrick Harris paid for it .
Neil Patrick Harris pays for it .

Who persuades Harold Lee to do their work ?
Billy and JD
JD & Billy .

Where does Kumar want to eat ?
White Castle
White Castle .

Who does Kumar buy marijuana from ?
A college student named Bradley .
Kumar buys marijuana from a college student named Bradley .

What bites Harold ?
A raccoon .
A raccoon

Who rescues Harold and Kamur ?
Freakshow
A tow-truck driver named Freakshow .

What does Freakshow give Harold and Kamur permission to do ?
To sleep with his wife .
Have sex with his wife .

Why did Harold get arrested ?
For punching a police officer .
He punched the officer , as opposed to Kumar .

What did Harold and Kamur ride after smoking marijuana ?
A Cheetah .
An escaped cheetah .

How do Harold and Kamur get to White Castle ?
A handglider .
through a series of misadventures ending with a hanglider

Who does Harold confess his feelings for ?
Maria
his neighbor Maria

