What does Walter Neff do for a living ?
He sells insurance .
He is an insurance salesman .

How does Neff first meet Phyllis ?
Neff goes to her home to remind her husband that he needs to renew his automobile policy
He goes to her house to remind her husband that it s time to renew his auto insurance policy .

Why does Neff believe that Phyllis is asking about an accident policy for her husband ?
He believes she is thinking about murdering him .
To murder her husband .

What is Neff s plan for killing Phyllis ' husband ?
To have him fall from a train .
To have him accidentally fall from the train .

Why is Dietrichson travelling to Palo Alto ?
To attend a college reunion
College reunion

Who kills Dietrichson ?
Neff kills him .
Walter Neff

What is the complication when Neff goes to the back of the train ?
He meets a passenger named Jackson .
A passenger named Jackson is there .

Why does Keyes suspect Dietrichson did not know about the policy ?
Dietrichson did not file a claim for his broken leg .
Because he did not claim a broken leg .

What is the relationship between Lola and Phyllis ?
They are step-mother and step-daughter .
Stepmother/stepdaughter

What does Neff do to Phyllis after she shoots him ?
He shoots and kills her .
Shoots and kills her

Why did Neff begin to see Lola ?
In the beginning , to keep her from going to the police , but later because he feels guilty and responsible for her .
To keep her from going to the police

Why did Keyes suspect that Dietrichson did n't know about his insurance ?
Because he did n't take out a claim when he broke his leg .
He did not file a claim for his broken leg .

Where was Dietrichson going on the train ?
To a college reunion in Palo Alto .
A college reunion

Who was Lola s boyfriend seeing behind her back ?
Phyllis , her mother .
Phyllis

When does Phyllis say she realized she loved Neff ?
When she was n't able to shoot him a second time .
When she could n't shoot him again .

What does n't Keyes believe that Dietrichson committed suicide ?
Because it s improbable that he could commit suicide by jumping off of a slow moving train .
because it was a slow-moving train

How does Keyes believe that Dietrichson died ?
Keyes believes he was murdered by Phyllis and an accomplice .
Foul play

Why does Neff originally call the Dietrichson home ?
To let Dietrichson know that his automobile insurance is up for renewal .
It was a routine reminder call .

Where is Walter Neff s office located ?
downtown Los Angeles
Los Angeles

Where does Neff tell Keyes he is going in order to avoid the gas chamber ?
Mexico
Mexico

Which country is Neff going to instead of facing the gas chamber ?
Mexico .
Mexico

Who forces Phyllis to sue ?
Keyes .
Keyes .

Who shot Neff ?
Phyllis .
Phyllis

How many years younger does Jackson believe the man in the photograph to be ?
Fifteen years younger .
15 years

Where does Phyllis drive Dietrichson after Dietrichson broke his leg ?
To the train station .
To the train station .

Who was the nurse of Lola s mother ?
Phyllis .
Phyllis

What did Mr. Norton think about Dietrichson s death ?
That it was a suicide .
Suicide

Why was Neff calling Phyllis ' husband ?
To inform him that his automobile insurance required renewal .
To remind him to renew his car insurance .

Who poses as Dietrichson on the train ?
Neff .
Walter Neff

Who kills Dietrichson ?
Neff .
Walter Neff

