What is the corporation that operates the space station ortibing Soloris ?
The name of the Corporeation is DBA .
DBA

Who is the scientist approached by emmisaries of the corporation ?
Dr , Chris Kelvin is approached .
Dr. Chris Kelvin

Why is the scientist approached ?
He is given a message from his friend to come to the space station .
To come to the space station and investigate something that is happening .

What does the scientist ag ree to do ?
He agrees to do a solo mission and bring the crew home safelly .
go on a solo mission to Solaris

What does the scientilst learn when he reaches the space station ?
His friend has committed suicide and most of the crew have died or disappeared .
He learned that Gibarian committed suicide , and most other crew died or disappeared .

What are the names of the surviving crew members ?
Snow and Gordon are the names of t he survivors .
Snow and Dr. Gordon

How does the scientist try to save the replica of his wife Rheya ?
He puts her in an escape pod and jettisons it into space .
He puts her in an escape pod and jettisons her into space .

How does Gordon attempt to solve the problem of the replicas ?
He develops an apparatus that will destroy the replicas .
Creates apparatus to destroy replicas .

In the end what does the scientist decide to do ?
He decides to stay on Solaris .
stay on the space station

What does scientist decide is his situation ?
That his perception of home away from home could merely be a convenience .
He and wife have forgiven each other .

What does Dr. Chris Kelvin do ?
Clinical psychologist
tries to save the replica of his wife

What planet is the space station orbiting ?
Solaris
Solaris

What is the scientist s name who is friends with Dr. Kelvin ?
Dr. Gibarian
Dr. Gibarian

Why was Gibarian not answering Kelvin s calls ?
She committed suicide
he committed suicide

Who does Kelvin dream about ?
Rheya
His dead wife Rheya

Why did Kelvin walk out on Rheya ?
She terminated her pregnancy
She terminated a pregnancy .

How does Rheya die ?
Suicide
she commits suicide

What happens to Rheya after she dies ?
She self-resurrects
She self-resurrects .

Why ca n't the ship return to earth ?
The ship s fuel cell reactor was drained .
The fuel cell reactor is drained .

What happens after Kelvin cuts his finger off ?
It immediately heals
The wound immediately heals .

How does Gibarian die ?
He commits suicide .
he commits suicide

How many crew have survived when Kelvin arrives ?
Two
Two

Why did Kelvin walk out on the real Rheya ?
She secretly terminated a pregnancy that made Kelvin walk out on her .
he discovers Rheya terminated a pregnancy

What did Kelvin do to the first replica Rheya ?
Puts her in an escape pod and jetisons it into space .
leads her into an escape pod and jettisons it off into space

Out of the two surviving crew members which one admits to being a replica ?
Snow
Snow

Where is Snow s body found ?
Stashed in a ceiling vent .
In a ceiling vent

What happens to make the replicas appear ?
They are dreamed about .
People dream them into existence .

What is Kelvin chopping up when he cuts his finger ?
Vegetables .
vegetables

What is the name of the smaller space vehicle that is prepared for escape ?
Athena .
Athena

Whose son appears as a replica to help Kelvin ?
Gibarian s .
Gibarian s

