Who has the dual interests of mythology and crocodiles ?
Professor Hector Syr
Hector Cyr .

What kind of animal is killed by a giant crocodile ?
A bear .
a cow

Where does the giant crocodile become trapped ?
In a helicopter .
The helicopter

What kind of water does the story s monster originate in ?
The monster is from saltwater .
a lake

What type of gun does Jack fire at the crocodile ?
A tranquilizer gun .
A tranquilizer rifle

Who does Hector Syr take for a trip in his helicopter ?
Deputy Sharon Gare .
Deputy Sharon Gare .

What sort of animal is used to bait the crocodile ?
A cow .
a cow

What organization s officers show up to take the crocodile away ?
Florida Fish and Game .
Florida fish and game

What do Florida Fish and Game officers take the crocodile on ?
A flatbed truck .
a truck

Where is the crocodile taken at story s end ?
Portland , Maine .
Portland , Maine

Why did the team of investigators initially go to the lake ?
because an officer was bitten in half by something in the lake
To find out what killed Walt Lawson

Why was Mrs. Bickerman placed under house arrest ?
because she lied to police about feeding the crocodile
lying to authorities

Where does the giant crocodile live ?
in a cove in Black Lake
Aroostoock County , Maine

What was Hector s plan to capture the crocodile ?
he planned to lure the crocodile out of the water and drug it .
He wants to lure it out of the water and drug it .

What happened to the surviving crocodile ?
It was taken away on a truck by Florida Fish and Game officers
It is taken away while they work out what to do with it

How did the surviving crocodile get caught ?
it was trapped in the crashed helicopter
It is shot with a tranquilizer rifle and loaded into a truck

How did the helicopter end up in the lake ?
Hector crashed when he tried to lure the crocodile
It crashed in the lake while trying to trap the crocodile

What did Jack and Hector do to try and lure the crocodile out of the water ?
they dangled a cow from a helicopter
dangle a cow from a helicopter

Which one of the characters shoots a crocodile with a tranquilizer ?
Jack Wells
Jack

Which one of the characters blows up a crocodile with a grenade launcher ?
Hank Keough
Hank .

Which subject is crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr a professor of ?
Mythology
Mythology

As part of a series of strange events that occurred near the beginning of the story , what object mysteriously flew into the air and flipped ?
Canoe
A canoe

What attacks Hank and Hector during their argument ?
Bear
a crocodile

Who feeds a blindfolded cow to the crocodile ?
Mrs. Delores Bickerman
Mrs. Bickerman

Why is Mrs. Bickerman placed under house arrest ?
Lying to the police
for lying to the police

What vehicle does Hector take to reach the crocodile s cove ?
Helicopter
Helicopter

Which weapon was fired at the crocodile on board the helicopter ?
Tranquilizer rifle
A tranquilizer rifle .

Which city is the crocodile taken to ?
Portland , Maine
Portland

What does the last scene featuring Mrs. Bickerman imply ?
The last scene implies the two older crocodiles were a mating pair .
the two adult crocodiles mated and had many baby crocodiles

During the end-credits , what is the crocodile tied to ?
Flat-bed truck
A flat bed truckk

