What is the name of Barney Custer s hometown ?
Betrice , Nebraska
Beatrice , Nebraska

What war is Europe on the verge of as the story begins ?
World War I
World War 1

With which nation does Barney forge a diplomatic alliance ?
Serbia
Serbia

Why is Barney Custer nearly executed by the Austrians ?
He is thought to be a spy
being mistaken for a spy

Why is Barney forced to flee Lutha ?
Because of his obvious share love with Princess Emma
King Leopold finds out about Barney s love for Princess Emma

Where was King Leopold before the story begins ?
imprisoned by his uncle
He just escaped from imprisonment .

What is the name of Barney s mother ?
Victoria Rubinroth
Victoria Rubinroth

From which of Barney s parents does he get is Luthan heritage ?
his mother
his mom

How does the real King Leoold s story end ?
Being murdered by one of his uncles henchmen
He is killed

Why does Barney Custer pretend to be the king initially ?
To prevent Peter from seizing the throne
To prevent Prince Peter from sitting on the throne

How is Barney related to royalty ?
His mother was a Luthan princess .
Son of a luthan princess

Who was holding King Leopold prisoner ?
His uncle , Prince Peter of Blentz
Prince Peter

Who is Barney mistaken for in Lutha ?
King Leopold
Leopold

Why did Barney originally travel to Lutha ?
He wanted to visit his mother s homeland .
To see his mother s native land

How does Barney ruin Prince Peter s plan for taking over the throne ?
He rescues Leopold and helps fight against Prince Peter .
Impersonates Leopold

Why does King Leopold feel betrayed by Barney ?
He finds out that Barney has been having an affair with Princess Emma
He figures out Barney and Princess Emma s love

What does Barney return to Nebraska with ?
A soldier .
a soldier

Why does Barney decide to return to Lutha ?
He is attacked by Prince Peter s henchmen .
To see his mother s native land

What happens to Barney as he travels through Europe back to Lutha ?
He is mistaken for a spy and is almost killed .
He is attacked by one of Prince Peter s henchmen and mistaken for a spy and almost killed by a firing squad

How is King Leopold killed ?
He is killed by Prince Peter s henchmen when they mistake him for Barney .
He was mistaken for Barney and killed by a henchman .

Where does the story take place ?
The story is set in Lutha .
European kingdom of lutha

Who is the main protagonist of the story ?
Barney
Barney Custer

Why does Barney visit Lutha ?
To see his mother s native land .
To see his mother s homeland

Who is Barney mistaken for upon reaching Lutha ?
King Leopold
The king

Why does Barney impersonate King Leopold ?
To prevent Prince Peter from seizing the throne .
To prevent Prince Peter from getting the throne

How does Barney foil Prince Peter s plan to take over the throne ?
Barney rescues and fights for King Leopold .
By rescuing and fighting the real prince

Why does King Leopold force Barney to leave Lutha ?
He discovers Barney s love for Princess Emma .
he was in love with princess Emma

Who accompanies Barney on his journey from Lutha to Nebraska ?
A soldier
One of his soldier friends

Whose Henchmen attack Barney ?
Prince Peter
Prince Peter

What country does Barney form an alliance with to defeat the Austrians ?
Serbia
Serbia

