What does Curdie hunt ?
Pigeons
A white pigeon .

What does Curdie find out about the King s doctor ?
The doctor has been poisoning the king .
He was giving the king poison to kill him

What does the old Princess disguise herself as ?
A maid
a maid

Who rules the kingdom right after the King dies ?
Curdie and Princess Irene
Curdie and Princess Irene

Who serves as Curdie s travelling companion ?
Lina , a friendly beast
Lina

What does the old Princess do to Curdie s hands before his quest ?
Burns his hands in her fire of roses
Burns them .

If Curdie is in danger , what happens to the emerald ?
The emerald would change color
it changes color

How does Curdie discover the old Princess ?
He follows the light on the roof of the castle
He follows a light at the top of a castle .

Who nurses the King while he is ill ?
Princess Irene
Irene

What do Curdie s cleansed hands allow him to do ?
Detect a person s true character
Detects what kind of person they are on the inside .

What is Curdie s relationship to princess Irene ?
Curdie is the son of a miner and one of Princess Irene s friends .
He is a friend of hers

Who does Curdie meet after he shoots a white pigeon ?
Curdie meets the old princess .
The Old Princess

What is Curdie s special power after his hands are burned ?
Curdie can determine if people are good or evil by touching them with his hands .
He can see how people are on the inside

What kind of stone does the old princess give Curdie s father ?
The old princess gave Curdie s father a color changing emerald .
Emerald

Who is Lina ?
Lina is the creature who accompanies Curdie on his way to Gwynystrom .
Curdie s beast companion

What kind of person is the king s doctor ?
The king s doctor is an evil person who is trying to poison him .
A pretender

What happened to the King s servants after the doctor took over the castle ?
The doctor manipulated the kings servants against him .
they became evil and are plotting against the king

Who helps Curdie save Irene s father and his kingdom ?
The old princess , who pretends to be a maid helps Curdie save the kingdom ?
Lina

Who inherited the kingdom after Curdie and Irene died ?
Nobody inherited the kingdom .
No one

How would you describe the kingdom after Curdie and Irene died ?
The kingdom became a miserable , dark place and fell apart .
It deteriorates and collapses .

Who goes to Gwyntystorm with Princess Irene ?
her father , the King
Princess Irene s father

Which event reminded Curdie of Irene s grandmother ?
the shooting of a white pigeon
He shoots a pigeon

When did Curdie see the old Princess ?
after he followed the light
After killing a pigeon and following a light

What caused the pigeon Curdie shot to heal ?
his belief in Irene s story
Curdie s belief in the pigeon tale

Where is Curdie sent by the old Princess ?
on a quest
Gwyntystorm

What did Curdie s father receive from the old Princess ?
an emerald
An emerald .

How would his father know if Curdie needed help ?
the emerald would change color
The emerald will change color .

When did Curdie develop the ability to see inside of a person ?
after the old Princess burned his hands in a rose fire
After the princess burns his hands in a magic fire .

How come the King was so sick ?
he was being poisoned
His doctor was slowly poisoning him

Why did the old Princess send Curdie on the quest ?
to save Irene and the King
To save the king from a poison plot .

