What is the main character s name ?
Martin Eden
Martin Eden

When does the story take place ?
The beginning of the 20th century .
The beginning of the 20th Century

Where does the story take place ?
Oakland
Oakland

What profession does Martin pursue ?
Well known writer .
Writing .

Who is martin in love with ?
Ruth Morse .
Ruth

What does Martin Promise Ruth ?
That he will become a successful writer .
That success will come

What happens to Martin at the end of the story ?
He commits suicide .
He kills himself .

How long is it before Ruth tires of waiting for Martin s success ?
Around 2 years .
two years

What was Martin s prior profession ?
Sailor .
Sailor .

What does martin do with his wealth ?
He gives it to his working class friends and family .
He donates his wealth to working class family and friends .

What is Eden s primary motivation for educating and improving himself ?
His love for Ruth .
Love

Why can Eden and Ruth not get married ?
because they are from two different social and economic backgrounds .
Eden is a working class sailor while Ruth is from a bourgeois family

Why does Eden come to resent the bourgeoisie even though he becomes a wealthy member of society himself ?
Because of Ruth s rejection of him for his work-class background .
He has already been rejected for not becoming one of them sooner .

How does Eden emotionally deal with becoming wealthy ?
He becomes secluded and indifferent .
He becomes jaded and reclusive .

What does Eden do frequently with his wealth ?
He donates to working class family and friends .
Eden helped the working class

How does Ruth reject Eden ?
In a letter .
She rejects him in a letter .

Why does Ruth reject Eden ?
Because Eden does not become wealthy and successful soon enough .
Eden did not settle down .

What did Eden believe people valued most about him ?
His fame .
His fame

What was Eden s profession before he educated himself ?
Eden was a sailor .
A sailor

How does Eden die ?
Eden commits suicide by drowning .
By committing suicide

How does Eden die ?
Eden commits suicide by drowning himself .
suicide by drowning

At the beginning of the story , what is Eden s job ?
Eden is a sailor .
A sailor .

How does Ruth reject Eden ?
She writes him a letter of rejection .
She sends a letter .

What does Eden do with the wealth he acquires ?
He donates it to working-class friends and family .
he donates money to his working class friends .

Why would a union between Eden and Ruth have been impossible ?
Eden is uneducated and working-class , while Ruth is educated and middle-class . Ruth would not marry someone unless they were also middle-class or higher .
Eden and Ruth came from different backgrounds

What does Eden think people value him for ?
Eden thinks people value him for his fame .
Eden thinks people only value him for his fame .

How does Eden relate to the bourgeoisie once publishers have accepted him ?
Eden holds himself apart from the bourgeoisie .
He has developed a grudge against them .

In her rejection letter , what does Ruth write she wishes Eden had done ?
Ruth writes that she wishes Eden had settled down and made something of himself .
settled down and made something of himself

How long does Eden promise Ruth that he ll be successful , before she rejects him ?
Eden promises Ruth that he will be successful for two years before she rejects him .
Two years .

