Why do the hired goons attack the Dude ?
They think the Dude s wife owes money to Jamie .
Because they thought his wife owed money to Jackie Treehorn .

What piece of furniture does one of the goons urinate on ?
The carpet .
The rug .

When his wife was kitnapped , what does Lebowski ask the Dude to do ?
Deliver a briefcase .
To deliver the ransom to the kidnappers in a briefcase .

Why did Jeffrey s daughter take the rug ?
Bunny is one of Jackie s porn stars .
She thinks Bunny is faking the kidnapping for the ransom money .

What does the Dude find in his reclaimed car ?
Larry s homework assignment .
A high school student s homework assignment .

Why does the Dude get thrown out of the cab ?
He asked the cab driver to change the radio .
he wants to change the radio station

Who seduces the Dude at his bungalow ?
Maude .
Maude .

How does Donny die ?
Heart attack .
heart attack

What activity do the Dude and his friends engage in ?
Bowling .
bowling

Where do Walter and the Dude put Donny s ashes ?
The beach .
The beach .

Who is Jeff Lebowski ?
Jeff Lebowski is also known as The Dude .
a slacker

Why was Jeff Lebowski assaulted in his home ?
Two guys beat him up because they wanted to collected money that Jeff s wife owed to Treehorn .
over money

What does The Dude want from the other Jeff Lebowski when he confronts him ?
The Dude wants the other Jeff to pay him back for the rug that got peed on .
Compensation for his ruined rug .

Why does The Dude expect the other Jeff Lebowski to reimburse him for the urinated rug ?
The Dude thinks he should because he was beat up by mistake .
He was mistaken for him and had his rug urinated on in error .

Why does Lebowski want The Dude to carry the briefcase ?
Lebowski hopes The Dude will identify the men who beat him up .
To see if he recogizes the kidnappers .

How is Bunny connected to Jackie Treehorn ?
Bunny works for Treehorn as a porn star .
she is one of his porn stars

Who seduces The Dude ?
Maude is at The Dude s house and she seduces him .
Maude .

What happened to Donny ?
Donny dies from a heart attack .
he suffers a fatal heart attack

Why do Walter and The Dude go to the beach ?
Walter and The Dude want to scatter Donny s ashes there .
To spread Donny s ashes .

What does Maude say to The Dude right after they have sex ?
Maude tells The Dude that she hopes to be pregnant .
she wants a child

What item was stolen from the Dude s car , when he recovers it ?
The ransom money .
The briefcase with the ransom money .

Where did Jeffery Lebowski get the ransom money from ?
He withdrew it from the family foundation .
From the family s charity account .

How did the Dude acquire a rug from Jeffery Lebowski ?
He stole it .
He steals it form Lebowski s home .

Why did the Dude think Larry had stolen the ransom money ?
He found a piece of Larry s homework in the car .
He found his homework assignment in his car , which was missing the ransom money .

Who is the father of little Lebowski ?
the Dude .
the dude

What was in the briefcase that was supposed to hold the ransom money ?
Nothing , it was empty .
Dirty underwear laundry .

What was in the ringer ' briefcase ?
Dirty underwear .
dirty underwear

Ultimately who was trying to get the ransom money from Jeffery Lebowski ?
Bunny s friends , the nihilists .
German nihilists , Bunny s friends .

What does the dude do to get thrown out of the cab on the way home from the police station ?
Asks the driver to change the radio station .
Asks the cab driver to change the radio station .

Why does Jeffery Lebowski want the Dude to deliver the briefcase with the ransom money ?
To see if he recognizes the kidnappers as the thugs who beat him up .
To see if he can recognize the culprits .

