Which year did the USS Montana sink ?
1988
1988 .

Who tried to salvage the submarine ?
The Soviet ships
The Soviets .

Who is the foreman of the SEAL team ?
Virgil Brigman
Virgil Brigman .

What did the US government want to use the submarine as ?
A base of operations
an operation base

What was Lt. Coffey supposed to recover from the submarine ?
A Trident missle warhead
Oxygen tanks .

What was torn from the ship during a bad storm ?
A cable crane
The cable crane .

What does NTI stand for ?
Non-terrestrial intelligence
non-terrestrial intelligence

Who launches a warhead into the trench ?
Coffey
The USS Montana .

Who was sent to disarm the warhead ?
Bud
Navy SEAL team

What does the NTI bring Bud in to deep within trench ?
An alien ship
alien ship

Who is the foreman of Deep Core ?
Virgil Bud Brigman .
Virgil Bud Brigman

What is seen by Lindsey during an investigation of the USS Montana ?
A strange light that surrounds the submarine .
A strange light

Why is the investigation cut short ?
Jammer damages his breathing apparatus in a panic and falls into a coma .
a power outage

What happens when Lt. Coffey orders men to recover a Trident missile warhead from the Montana ?
Deep Core is highly damaged and dragged towards the trench , killing many crew .
He does not get permission from the crew

What does Lindsey encounter when striving to collect oxygen tanks for the crew to wait out the storm ?
Two purplish objects which she deems non-terrestrial intelligence .
NTI

What does Coffey do when he discovers the non-terrestrial intelligence exploring Deep Core ?
He slams a bulkhead shut on it , severing the creature .
CUTS IT IN HALF

What happens when Coffey tries to send the warhead into the trench ?
He is stopped and his minisub gets too close to the edge and falls over , where it is crushed by the pressure .
His sub is damaged and he is killed after pressure causes it to explode .

Where is the warhead located by a Navy SEAL ?
A couple thousand feet into the trench .
a ledge several thousand feet down the trench

What is the solution to disarm the warhead ?
To send Bud down in an experimental diving suit filled with liquid breathing apparatus to disarm it manually .
CUTTING THE WIRE

What year did the USS Montana sink ?
1988
1988

Where is Deep Core , the underwater drilling platform , located ?
Near the Cayman Trough
Near the Cayman trough

What does the power outage in the SEAL teams submarine lead Dr. Lindsey to see ?
A strange light circling the submarine .
A strange light circling the sub .

What was Lt. Coffey sent to recover from the Montana ?
A Trident Missile Warhead
A Trident missile warhead .

What term does Dr. Lindsey invent when she sees the pink/purple device , while diving to obtain oxygen tanks ?
Non-terrestrial intellegience
Non-terrestrial intelligence .

What causes Coffey s mini-sub to implode killing him on impact ?
High pressure from drifting over the edge of the trough
High pressures .

Who rescues Bud from what he thought would be a one-way trip dive ?
An NTI
An NTI

What does the crew believe that Coffey is suffering from ?
Paranoia
High pressure nervous syndrome .

What does the crew find when they spy on Coffey with the remote operated vehicle ?
That Coffey and another SEAL member are working towards getting the warhead to attack the NTI s
He is going to attack the NTIs

Who designed the underwater drilling platform that the SEAL s used as a base ?
Dr. Lindsey Brigman
Dr. Lindsey Brigman

