Where is Marko Ramius from ?
Lithuania
Lithuania

What kind of deception does Ramius use to fool Ryan and the Americans ?
He blows up the USS Ethan Allen
He fakes a reactor meltdown .

What country is Ryan from ?
USA
London

V. K. Konovalov believes he is following what , when he is actually trailing Red October ?
An Ohio class vessel
An Ohio-class submarine .

What is Ramius attempting to do ?
Defect to the United States
Defect the United States with the experimental nuclear submarine Red October .

How did Ramius tell the Soviet Union he was planning to defect ?
He wrote a letter to his wife s uncle .
He sent a letter Admiral Yuri Padorin

Who does Skip Tyler work for ?
The US Navy
U.S. Navel Academy

Where does Red October leave from ?
Polyarny
The shipyard at Polyarny .

Where are Ramius and his shipmates brought to ?
A CIA safehouse
CIA safehouse

What does the commander of the Red October plan on doing at the beginning of the story ?
Turning against the Soviet Navy and defecting to the United States .
Defecting to the United States .

What makes the Red October so dangerous ?
It has new technology that can launch nuclear missiles without being detected .
It has new stealth technology

How did commander Ramius s wife die ?
She was killed by a drunk and incompetent doctor .
Under the care of an incompetent and drunk doctor .

Why does the Soviet Northern Fleet claim to be following the Red October ?
A search and rescue mission .
To search for and rescue the Red October .

Why does Ramius kill Ivan Putin ?
He does not want his political officer to interfere with his plans .
So he does n't interfere with his defection .

Who plans on destroying the Red October after the Soviets believe that it has already been destroyed ?
The cook on board the submarine .
Igor Loginov

Where does the Red October eventually dock ?
Norfolk , Virginia .
Norfolk , Virginia

How did the Soviet Fleet originally find out that Ramius was defecting to the US ?
He wrote a letter to his dead wife s family stating his intentions .
He sent a letter the the Soviet Admiral .

What does the U.S. military plan on doing with the Red October ?
Saving the submarine from being destroyed so they can study its technology .
Copy its stealth propulsion system

How does the U.S. convince the Soviets that the Red October has been destroyed ?
Ramius fakes a reactor meltdown and they sink a U.S. submarine instead .
The crew is removed and they fake a nuclear meltdown .

What is special about the Red October ?
It is equipped with new technology that makes it difficult to detect with sonar and can therefore attack with little or no warning .
Has a propulsion system that makes detection by sonar very difficult .

What happened to Ramius ' wife ?
She died
She died .

Why did the doctor who treated Natalia escape punishment ?
He was the son of a Politburo member .
Son of a Politburo Member

Who does Ramius kill before leaving the shipyard at Polyarny ?
Ivan Putin
Ivan Putin

Why does Jack Ryan fly to Langley , Virginia ?
He delivers photos of the Red October from M16 to the Deputy Director of Intelligence
Delivery of MI6 s photos of Red October

Why is the USS Ethan Allen blown up ?
In order to deceive the Soviet into believing that the Red October is destroyed .
As a deception

Who is Igor Loginov masquerading as ?
The cook on the Red October
Red October s cook .

What does Ramius tell Admiral Yuri Padorin in the letter he sends ?
He tells him of his intent to defect .
He states his intention to defect .

Under what pretext does the Soviet Northern Fleet set sail ?
Search and rescue mission
Search and rescue mission .

Who kills Captain Lieutnant Kamarov ?
Igor Loginov
Igor Loginov .

