In this story , when heaven is used what is it referring to ?
A single happy memory from a person s life
To a single happy memory from one s life that you re-experience for all eternity .

What day of the week do new deceased people arrive ?
On Mondays
Every Monday .

What do the social workers do ?
They explain the process to each person
They work to recreate the happy memories .

The dead have to choose their happiest memory by what day ?
By Wednesday
the end of the week

What happens after a person witnesses their happiest moment in the screening room ?
That person disappears
They vanish

When people vanish what do they take with them ?
Only their happiest moment
Their happiest memory .

What does Takashi find out about Ichiro ?
He married Takashi s former fiancee
he married Ichiro s former fiance after Takashi died in World War II

Why does Takashi transfer Ichiro to someone else ?
Because he is struggling with his memories
Ichiro married his former fiancee

What does the waystation resemble ?
A government social service office
A decrepit government social services building .

Who are admitted into the waystation on a daily basis for processing ?
The recently deceased .
Recently deceased people

What job do the Counselors carry out ?
They help the deceased pick their happiest memory .
They help the recently deceased choose their happiest memory .

What are the names of atleast two Counselors in this story ?
Takashi and Shiori .
Takashi and shiori

When was Takashi killed ?
During World War II .
world war II

Who is initially assigned as Ichiro s Counselor ?
Takashi .
Takashi

Why does Takashi ask for Ichiro to be assigned a new Counselor ?
Because Takashi discovers that Ichiro married his former fiancee after Takashi died .
Because Ichiro married Takashi s former fiancĂŠ after Takashi was killed in World War II .

What day of the week do the deceased have to select a memory by ?
Wednesday .
Wednesday .

What happens after a memory is selected by one of the deceased ?
It is replicated , staged , and filmed by the institution .
The memory is recreated , staged , and filmed by the institution s workers .

What happens at the end of the week for the deceased ?
The deceased are allowed to view the film of their happiest moment .
They watch their happiest memory before they are taken away to them .

How is Heaven represented in the story ?
It is represented as the deceased s single happiest moment that is re-experienced for eternity .
a happy memory

What is heaven ?
A single happy memory from a person s life
A single happy memory , replayed for eternity .

What day of the week does a new group check in ?
Monday
Monday .

Who explains the situation to the deceased people ?
The social workers
Social workers in the lodge explain it .

When do the newly dead have to make their decision by ?
Wednesday
They have to make it by Wednesday .

Where do the deceased watch their happiest moment ?
In the screening room
In a screening room .

What happens after the deceased see their memory ?
They vanish
They vanish into the unknown with just the single happy memory .

Who has been assigned to help Ichiro ?
Takashi
Takashi

Who had Ichiro married ?
Takashi s former fiancee
Takashi s former fiance .

During what war was Takashi killed ?
World War II
World War II .

Who has Ichiro assigned to another counselor ?
Takashi
Takashi .

