Where does Ethan Edwards return after an eight-year absence ?
The home of Aaron , his brother .
West Texas .

What did Ethan fight in ?
The Confederacy side of the Civil War .
Civil War and Mexican Revolutionary War

What are stolen ?
Cattle belonging to their neighbor Lars Jorgensen .
cattle

What do Ethan and his crew find while looking for his nieces ?
A burial ground of Comanches .
a military fort

When Ethan returns home , what does he find waiting for him ?
A letter claiming to have information about one of his nieces .
His homestead in flames , his brother s family dead , and his nieces ubducted

Where does Ethan s search lead him ?
To a military fort in New Mexico .
military fort

When does Ethan locate Debbie ?
After Martin kills Scar and Ethan scalps him .
5 years later

What wars did Ethan fight in ?
the Civil War and the Mexican revolutionary war
The civil war and the Mexican Ro

What did Ethan give his niece Debbie ?
A medal from the Mexican campaign
A medal from the Mexican war .

Who stole Lars Jorgensen s cattle ?
The Comache Indians
The comanche

Why were Lars jorgensen s cattle stolen ?
to lure the men away from their families
A comanche ploy to draw men away from their families .

What happens when the men are out looking for the cattle ?
the Edwards house is set on fire , 3 people are dead , and 2 have been kidnapped
Homestead is burnt down and a family is killed and some girls ubducted

Why do the Rangers abandon their attempt to track down the Comanches ?
They lose some of their men and do n't have enough left to fight effectively
They have too few men to fight effectively

What happened that angered Brad so much that he rode into the Indian camp ?
He found out his fiancee had been murdered and probably raped .
His fiance is found raped and murdered

When they find Debbie , why does n't she want to leave ?
She is a Comanche now and wants to stay .
She has become a Comanche

Why do Martin and Charlie get into a fight ?
Charlie is about to marry Martin s girlfriend .
Because Martin was courting Laurie

In the end who is one who actually finds Debbie first ?
Martin
Futterman

What is the name of Ethan s brother ?
Aaron
Aaron

Other than the Civil war , what other war did Ethan fight in ?
The Mexican Revolutionary War
Mexican revolutionary war

Who does Ethan give his Mexican medal to ?
Debbie
Debbie .

Who asks Ethan for an oath of allegiance ?
The Texas Rangers
Texas Rangers

Whose cattle is stolen ?
Lars Jorgensen
Lars Jorgensen

Who does Ethan get a letter from pertaining to Debbie ?
Futterman
Futterman

Why does Ethan kill Futterman ?
He tried to steal his money
for stealing his money

Who has Debbie become a wife to ?
Scar
To Scar

Who kills Scar ?
Martin
martin

