In addition to Edward s doctrinal doubts and his irrelevant Anglicism , what illnesses plague Edward Scrope ?
Nervousness and insomnia
insomnia and nervousness

Who does Edward first speak to about his religious discontent ?
Lady Sunderbund
Lady Sunderbund

What effects are caused by the drug Edward takes ?
More apprehension , and a mystical vision
visions

How long does Bishop Likeman convince Edward to wait before he leaves the church ?
Three months
Three months .

What does Lady Sunderbund proclaim when she shows up to surprise Bishop Scrope ?
She wants to become his spiritual pupil
He will be his spiritual pupil .

What revelation does Bishop Scrope have the second time he takes the drug ?
He has another vision , and then decides to leave the church
clergy is not seerving the world s needs

How does Lady Sunderbund see herself contributing to Scrope s new church ?
She will provide her riches to finance it
Monetary funding

What final realization does Scrope have , that he deduces is the true root of his religious doubts ?
He refuses to trust his family to God
his refusal to trust

What was the total length of Bishop Scrope s spiritual crisis ?
five years
Five Years

Who is Edward Scrope ?
Lord Bishop of Princhester
Lord Bishop of Princhester .

Who is the first person that Edward tells about his unhappiness with religion ?
Lady Sunderbund , a very rich American widow
Lady Sunderbund

Instead of helping his symptoms , what does the drug Edward takes actually do ?
he has a vision that gives him a new , clearer way of thinking of things
Causes heretical ideas .

After the vision of the Angel of God and God in the library of the Althenaeum club what does Edward decide ?
he is convinced he needs to leave the church .
he has to depart from church

Who does Edward keep all of these revelations from ?
his wife , Lady Ella and his daughters
Lady Ella

After taking the drug again , what does Edward s vision reveal ?
That the church is n't taking care of the world s spiritual needs
Terrestial globe in spiritual ferment .

What happens while Edward is under the influence the second time ?
He leaves the church
he has a vision

Who wants to offer all of their wealth to help Edward build his new church ?
Lady Sunderbund
Lady Sunderbund

What happens when Edward has a vision- unaided by drugs ?
He realizes that the fact that he refuses to trust everything to God is what is causing his spiritual unrest
he finds his faith

How long does it take for Edward s spiritual crisis to run it s course ?
5 years
Five years .

Who is the Lord Bishop of Princhester ?
Edward Scrope .
Edward Scrope

What type of personal crisis is Edward Scrope experiencing ?
A spiritual crisis .
Spiritual

With what female persona does Edward discuss misgivings about joining the church ?
Lady Sunderbund .
Lady Sunderbund

Whom does Edward experience a vision of in the North Library of the Athenaeum Club ?
God
The Angel of God and God .

What do Edward s visions communicate to Edward ?
That he must leave the church .
That he must leave the Church .

What does BIshop Likeman convince Edward to do ?
Stay in the Church three more months .
to hold off 3 months before continuing

What is Lady Ella s relationship to Bishop Scrope ?
Lady Ella is Edward Scrope s wife .
pupil

What substance triggers Edward s heretical visions ?
A doctor prescribed drug .
Dr. Dale s drug .

What does Lady Sunderbund wish to become to Edward ?
Edward s spiritual pupil .
spiritual pupil

What fundamental element of the spiritual journey does Scrope determine is undermining to the faith of any religion ?
Distrust or doubt .
Distrust .

