Who is Dickie to Herbert Greenleaf ?
his son
His son

To what country does Herbert Greenleaf ask Tom Ripley to go ?
Italy .
Italy .

How does Ripley murder Dickie ?
beats him with an oar
Ripley used an oar to beat Dickie to Death .

Who is Freddie Miles to Dickie ?
His longtime friend .
friend

With what item does Ripley kill Freddie Miles ?
An ashtray
ashtray

How does Ripley dispose of Dickie s body ?
Dumps his body in the water .
drops him in the ocean

Where does Ripley dispose of Freddie Mile s body ?
On the outskirts of Rome .
The outskirts of Rome .

What did the Greenleafs believe to be the cause of Dickie s death ?
Suicide
suiside

From what city did Ripley leave to go to Italy to meet Dickie ?
New York City .
New York City

How did Ripley gain Dickie s fortune ?
By forging his will .
assumes Dickie s identity

Who s idea was it for Ripley to persuade Dickie to return to the U.S. ?
Herbert Greenleaf , Dickie s father
herbert greenleaf

What was the turning point that caused mistrust of Ripley by Dickie ?
Dickie discovered Ripley trying on his clothes and imitating his mannerisms .
by wearing his clothes and acting rich

How do we know that Tom Ripley s unethical behavior is not new ?
Ripley has particiapated in small time confidence scams in the past .
The story opens with explaining that Ripley has a history of scams .

To whom did Ripley suggest that Dickie was depressed and may have committed suicide ?
Dickie s father and an American private detective .
Dickie s father

How does Dickie die ?
Ripley beats him with an oar .
Ripley beats him to death with an oar .

How does Ripley use to kill Miles ?
Ashtray
Ripley kills him with an ashtray .

Who receives Dickie s inheritance ?
Ripley
Ripley .

What causes the family to believe that Dickie s will is legitamate ?
It was forged on his Hermes typerwriter .
the will is written using Dickie s Hermes typewriter

What changes Ripley s mind about ending Marge s life ?
She mentions that if Dickie gave Ripley his rings , he probably did commit suicide .
she believes he killed him self cause ripley had dickie ring

Where did Ripley dispose of Miles ' body ?
On the outskirts of Rome .
The outskirts of Rome .

What is Dickie s relationship to Herbert Greenleaf ?
Dickie is Herbert s son .
Dickie is Herbert s son .

What does Herbert want Ripley to do ?
Convince Dickie to return to his father .
travel to italy to find and convince dickie to return to US

What is Marge Sherwood s relationship to Dickie ?
Marge is Dickie s friend .
friend

What does Marge believe Ripley to be in relation to Dickie ?
Gay
Marge believes Ripley is gay .

What does Dickie find Ripley doing in Dickie s bedroom ?
Dressing up in Dickie s clothes and imitating Dickie .
dressed in his clothes making fun of him

What does Ripley decide to do to Dickie while travelling to Sanremo together ?
Murder Dickie .
murder him and takes his identity

Who discovers Ripley s deceit in Rome ?
Dickie s friend Miles .
Freddie Miles

What does Ripley do to Miles ?
Ripley murders Miles .
Beats him to death with an ashtray

What does Ripley tell Dickie s family that Dickie did ?
Committed suicide .
He suggests that Dickie killed himself

Who ends up inheriting Dickie s fortune ?
Ripley .
ripley

