Why does Terry Benedict track down Danny Ocean s gang ?
to demand the money they stole from his casino plus interest
To get back his money .

What does Danny s gang want to steal to pay back Terry ?
The first stock certificate ever
The egg .

What could n't Danny s gang steal the stock certificate ?
The Night Fox had already stolen it
document has already been stolen

Who is Isabel Lahiri ?
the Europol detective investigating the stock certificate theft
Detective

The Night Fox invites Danny to a game to steal what ?
The Faberge Imperial Coronation Egg
The Faberge Imperial Egg

What does The Night Fox promise Danny if he gets the Coronation Egg ?
That he will pay off Danny s debt to Terry
to pay Danny s debt off to Benedict .

Why was n't Danny s successful at stealing the Coronation Egg ?
Isabel Lahiri , the Europol detective caught them
Because they were found out ahead of time

How do Danny s gang manage to get released ?
Linus s Mother is the FBI agent assigned to them and she helps to get them released
by his mother who is fbi agent

Who pays back the debt owed to Terry ?
The Night Owl lost the bet in a complicated scheme and paid off the debt to Terry as promised
Toulour

At the end of the story what do we find out about Lahiri s father ?
He was one of the thieves that she had been chasing for years .
That he is LeMarc

Who was it implied by the story that Rusty re-kindled his relationship with , and why is this important to the story ?
Lahiri . It s unclear why this is important or meaningful . The precis does not indicate why or when or how Lahiri and Rusty had a relationship .
It is implied Rusty has rekindled his relationship with Lahiri , who has been after the gang for most of the story .

What is the role of Terry Benedict ?
He s a casino owner who is owed stolen money by Ocean s gang .
Casino Owner .

Why does the Ocean s group scramble so hard to meet the demands of Terry Benedict , the casino owner who was stolen , from ?
Not revealed in the summary : it s unclear why a gang of 11 men is afraid of a casino owner .
Ocean s group is trying to return the money they stole from Benedict .

Why does Toulour set up a scenario in which , if Ocean and his gang can pull of something , he will pay their casino fees to Benedict ?
It s unclear , but it appears to hinge on simply the fact that Toulour s pride is wounded because LeMarc does n't think he s the greatest thief .
he was upset that his mentor , LeMarc , did n't describe him as the best thief in the world

Why does the character Tess , according to the story , pose as a pregnant Julia Roberts ?
Perhaps because whomever wrote this made a mistake . It should simply state that the character Tess posed as a pregnant mother , not a pregnant Julia Roberts .
to try and get close to egg and steal it

What is the role of Lahiri and what does her behavior in that role suggest ?
She s a Europol investigator and she s good , but she s crooked .
europol detective that she is good at her job

What is the point of this story ?
To show theft as an art form .
that ego leads to downfall

Why were the group threatened by Lahiri to be extradited to the United States ?
Who knows . They must be from there .
Because they were going to commit a criume

What is the significance , toward the end , where Danny agrees not to steal from Benedict anymore , but Toulour is spying on him ?
It s an open story hole so they can possibly develop another story around that action or behavior .
Toulour is possibly setting up another heist .

Why would LeMarc want to humiliate Toulour and what would be his motivation ?
They re all a bunch of sociopaths .
Possibly to prove to Toulour that he is the best thief , and to get the Faberge egg back

Who demands that Danny s Oceans Eleven group return the money that they stole from the casino ?
Terry Benedict
Tony Benedict , casino mogul

What country does the Oceans Eleven group plan their next scheme ?
Europe
Europe

What is the nickname of the other master thief that stole the first stock certificate ?
The Night Fox
the Night Fox

Where is The Night Fox s mansion located ?
Lake Como
Lake Como .

What does LeMarc challenge Danny to steal ?
Faberge Imperial Coronation Egg
Egg

What do Danny and his crew plan to swap with the Faberge Egg ?
A holographic recreation
A holographic receation

Which character is assigned to be the first interrogated by the FBI agent ?
Linus
Linus .

What famous star does Danny s wife pretend to be during the Faberge Egg heist ?
Julia Roberts
Julia Roberts

Who did Danny and Rusty meet during the flashback sequence ?
LeMarc
LeMarc

Who takes Lahiri to a safehouse at the end of the story ?
Rusty
rusty

