Who cashed in the check that Peter wrote ?
Milton
Milton

What company did Peter Gibbons initially work for ?
Initech
Initech

What was wrong with Michael s code that caused their virus to steal over $ 300,000 ?
The decimal point was in the wrong place .
There was a bug in the code .

Who set Initech s office on fire ?
Milton Waddams
Milton

How did Peter s problems solved itself ?
Initech s building was set on fire by Milton Waddams .
Milton set the place on fire .

What was the name of Initech s competitor ?
Initrode
Initrode .

Why did the office consultants promote Peter ?
They were impressed with his frank insights to the office s problems .
Because of his frank insights into the office problems .

How did Dr. Swanson die in the story ?
He had a heart attack .
Heart attack .

What did Peter , Michael and Samir do to get even at the company they were working for ?
They infected Initech s accounting system with a computer virus .
Infect it with a computer virus .

What was Peter s role in the company he was working for ?
He was a programmer .
programmer

How does Peter Gibbons feel about his job at the beginning of the story ?
Peter is frustrated and unmotivated by his job at Initech .
he hates it

Why are 2 consultants brought into Initech ?
The two consultants are brought to help the company through downsizing and outsourcing .
They are brought in as consultants .

What happens during Peter s occupational hypnotherapy session ?
Peter s therapist dies after hypnotizing Peter .
Peter is hypnotized .

How does Peter s girlfriend Anne respond when Peter does not return her calls ?
Anne breaks up with him and admits to cheating on him
She breaks up with him .

How do the consultants respond to Peter when he returns to work and does not follow the regular rules ?
The consultants are impressed by his behavior and offer him a promotion .
He is promoted

What do the consultants confide in with Peter ?
The consultants inform Peter that they will be firing Michael and Samir .
his friends will be losing their jobs

How do Peter , Michael , and Samir plan on getting back at the company ?
The trio decide to infect Initech s accounting system with a computer virus that allows them to steal small amounts of money .
Stealing Money

What goes wrong with the computer virus that they infected the computer system with ?
The computer virus is stealing too much money and they are going to get caught .
Decimal in wrong place

What happened to Peter s confession letter ?
The Initech building was set on fire and his letter along with the evidence of the crime were destroyed .
burned

Who ended up with the money that was stolen from Initech using the computer virus ?
Milton , another employee of the company ended up with the money after returning a stapler .
Milton

Which character unintentionally saves the day in this story ?
Milton
Milton

Why do Michael and Samir decide to get even with their employer ?
The company is going to eliminate their jobs .
they learn they are losing their jobs

What is the cause of Peter s sudden strange behavior ?
He is hypnotized by Dr. Swanson , an occupational hypnotherapist .
he was hypnotized

How does Peter act when he goes into work after seeing Dr. Swanson ?
He ignores office protocol and breaks all the rules .
Relaxed

Who is Luhmberg ?
Peter s boss , the Vice President of Initech .
Initech s vice-president

How do Peter and Joanna meet ?
They meet when Peter skips work to eat at Chockie s restaurant where Joanna is a waitress .
Chotchkie s Restaurant

What is wrong with the computer virus the guys load into Initech s system ?
There is a decimal point in the wrong place , causing the virus to steam over $ 300,000 .
It steals more money than they intended .

How do the consultants view Peter s actions in the story ?
They believe he is insightful and promote him .
his actions impress them

What common interests do Peter and Joanna share ?
They both hate idiotic managers and love Kung Fu Movies .
Loathing of bad management and love of Kung Fu , the TV program .

In the conclusion , what type of employment does Peter find out he enjoys ?
Landscaping .
construction work

What is the position that Milton Waddams holds at Initech ?
Collator
Collator

What is the name of Initech s vice president ?
Bill Lumbergh
Bill Lumbergh

What is the cause of Dr. Swansons death ?
A heart attack
Heart attack .

What direct-inciting incident leads to Anne breaking up with Peter ?
He ignores her phone calls
Ignoring her phone calls after being hypnotized

What is the name of the television program that Joanne and Peter bond over ?
Kung Fu
Kung Fu

In response to Peter s violation of general office protocol , what does the company do ?
They promote him
Gives him a promotion .

What is the final item that Peter takes on Michael and Samir s last day at work ?
A printer that frequently malfunctions .
printer

What is the exact amount of money the infected Initech s accounting system make for Peter , Michael , and Samir ?
$ 305 , 326.13
$ 305,326.13

What does Michael do to correct the conspicuous amount of money schemed from the company ?
Puts the decimal in a different place .
He left anonymous checks for the amount of money under the office door .

How are Bob and Bob going to help Initech ?
By downsizing and outsourcing .
they are downsizing and outsourcing

What piece of office equipment is smashed to pieces in a field ?
A printer
a printer

Why does the virus in the money making virus steal over $ 300,000 ?
The decimal point was in the wrong place in the code .
Decimal was in the wrong place

Which of Initech s employees did Peter assume that Joanna had slept with ?
His boss , Lumbergh
Peter s boss , Bill Lumbergh .

Where does Peter put the checks that he writes out to the company to repay the stolen money ?
Under Lumberghs office door .
in the bosses office

Why does Peter decide to repay all the money he has stolen ?
Because he decides it was a bad idea and wants to take responsibility .
He realizes that they stole too much

What job is Joanna doing when she meets Peter for lunch ?
She is a waitress
Waitress

Why does Milton go into Lumbergh s office on the day of the fire ?
To reclaim his stapler .
to take back his stapler

What happens to all the evidence of the stolen money ?
It is destroyed in a fire .
it is destroyed in a fire

What relationship to Initech is Initrode , the company that Samir and Michael end up working at ?
They are competitors .
Competitor

