When Claudius dies he goes first to heaven but what happens and where does he eventually go ?
He is eventually judged by the gods and sent to Hades .
He is judged by the gods and sent to Hades

What does Seneca mock Claudius about at every opportunity ?
Claudius ' cruelty and inarticulateness , any of the emperor s failings .
His failings .

Who is persuaded by whom to kill Claudius ?
Mercury persuades Clotho .
Mercury persuades Clotho .

What does Claudius convince Hercules to do ?
To have the gods listen to his suit for deification .
To let the gods his suit in the senate .

What does Augustus do during the proceedings ?
Augustus lists Claudius ' worse crimes .
Tells about Claudius ' most notorious crimes

Where is Claudius taken next and by whom ?
He is taken next to hell and his escort is Mercury .
Mercury takes him to Hades .

What do they see on the way to hell ?
They see Claudius ' own funeral procession .
The funeral of the empreror

Who greets Claudius in hell and what do they do ?
Ghosts of his friends who he murdered greet him and carry him off to be punished .
Murdered friends and they carry him off for his punishment

What is his doom ' and what vice does this signify ?
His doom is to roll dice in a box with no bottom forever more because one of his vices was gambling .
He should shake dice forever , as gambling was one of his vices .

Who shows up in hell and claims Claudius to be an ex-slave , and to what job does he reassign Claudius ?
Caligula claims him and turns him over to be a law clerk in the underworld court .
Caligula does and makes him a law clerk in Hades .

What is Apocolocyntosis about ?
It traces the death of Claudius .
Claudius and his eventual journey to Hades .

Where does Claudius meet Hercules ?
Mount Olympus .
Mount Olympus .

What is Clausius ' vice ?
Dice ?
Gambling .

What does Claudius convince Hercules to do ?
To hear his suite for deifaction in a session of the divine senate .
Let the gods hear his suit .

Who speaks against Claudius at the session ?
Augustus .
Augustus .

Who escorts Claudius to Hades ?
Mercury,
Mercury

What does he see on the way to Hades ?
The funeral procession for the emperor .
His funeral procession .

Who greets Claudius when he arrives in Hades ?
Ghost of the friends he s murdered .
The ghosts of the friends he s murdered .

Who mocks the emperors failings ?
Seneca .
Seneca .

Who does Caligula claim Claudius to be ?
His ex slave .
His ex slave

Whose death is being traced ?
Claudius
Claudius .

What does Mercury peresuade Clotho to do ?
Kill the emperor
kill the emperor

Where does Claudius meet Hercules ?
Mount Olympus
Mount Olympus .

Where is claudius greeted by the ghosts ?
Hades
Hades .

What is Caligula s relationship to Claudius ?
Ex-Slave
Caligula was a slave of Claudius

Who carries off claudius ?
the ghosts ?
Ghosts of all of the friends Claudius murdered .

Who delivers the speech ?
Augustus
Augustus .

Who does seneca Mock ?
The emperor
the late emperor , Claudius

What is claudius handed over to be in the court of the underworld ?
Law clerk
law clerk

Who were the proceedings initially in favor of ?
Claudius
Claudius .

Where do the gods decide to eventually send Claudius ?
Hades .
They send him to Hades .

Who mocks Claudius throughout the drama ?
Seneca .
Seneca mocks Claudius .

What are two of Claudius ' most egregious errors according to Seneca ?
Claudius ' cruelty and inarticulateness .
His cruelty and inarticulateness .

Who escorts Claudius to Hades ?
Mercury .
Mercury

Who does Mercury convince to kill the emperor ?
Clotho .
Clotho .

Who allows Claudius to gain an audience with the gods for vindication ?
Hercules
Hercules .

Who ruins Claudius ' defense with a list of Claudius ' crimes ?
Augustus .
Augustus .

Who greets Claudius upon arrival in Hades ?
The ghosts of friends Claudius has murdered .
Ghosts of the friends he has murdered

What ceremony do Mercury and Claudius witness while on the way to Hades ?
A Funeral Procession .
Funeral possession for the emperor

What do the gods condemn Claudius to do in eternity ?
Shake dice in a box with no bottom .
to shake dice in a box with no bottom and search for them on the ground when they fall out

