Who pursuaded Kayleigh and Tommy into child pornography ?
Their father , George Miller
Their father George Miller

Who set a dog on fire ?
Tommy
Tommy

How does Evan travel back in time ?
By reading his adolescent journal entries
When he reads from his adolescent jounals .

What is Evan s main reason for wanting to travel back in time ?
To redo parts of his past
So he can redo things in his past .

Who is shown as being a double amputee ?
Evan
evan

Who was accidentally killed while playing with dynomite ?
A mother and her infant child
A mother and her child

Who did Evan pass on a street in NYC , almost 8 years later ?
Kayleigh
kayleigh

How did Evan and Kayleigh react towards eachother in NYC ?
They looked at eachother but kept walking
The recognize each other , but keep walking .

Who suffers from severe nosebleeds ?
Evan
Evan

What did Evan end up doing with his journals and videos from his childhood ?
He burned them
Burning them .

Who tried to strangle Evan when he was young ?
His father
His father

Changing the past physically hurts Evan in what ways ?
Nosebleeds or Brain Damage
He gets nosebleeds and brain damage .

Evan can travel back in time when he reads what ?
Journal
his old journals from when he was a kid

Who is Evan s roommate in college after Evan fixes the main issue ?
Lenny
Lenny

Who burns Evan s dog alive ?
Tommy
Tommy .

What were the blackouts Evan experienced when he was young finally revealed as ?
Evan travelling back in time
time traveling

Who did Evan go to prison for murdering alternate timelines ?
Tommy
Tommy .

Evan solves the main conflict by making it so he and who never became friends ?
Kayleigh
Kayleigh

Where does Evan live near the end ?
New York City
New York City

What was Evan playing with when he accidentally killed a mother and her child ?
Dynamite
dynamite

In what city did an adult Evan Treborn pass by Kayleigh Miller eight years later ?
New York City .
New York City .

What was Evan Treborn able to do by traveling back in time ?
Redo parts of his past .
change the past

How did Evan Treborn discover that he could travel back in time ?
By reading his adolescent journals .
It happened when he read his old journals .

According to the story , what caused Evan Treborn s brain damage & severe nosebleeds ?
The cummulated assimilation of dozens of years worth of new memories .
New memories from the different timelines he experienced .

What caused Evan Treborn blackouts ?
Severe psychological traumas .
His older self traveling back in time and changing an even in his past .

Even though his intensions to fix the past were good , what does Evan Treborn ultimately realize ?
That these efforts led to unforeseen consequences .
his action have unforseen consequences

What did this time traveling habit account for ?
His frequent childhood blackouts .
black outs

What does Evan Treborn personal time-line lead to ?
Alternative futures .
alternate futures

What did George Miller force Evan Treborn to take part in ?
Child pronography .
Child pornography

To avoid ever altering the timeline again , what does Evan Treborn do ?
Evan Treborn burns his journals and videos .
He burns his childhood journals and videos .

