Why do Hans and Gretel Brinker have little chance to do well in the ice skating race ?
They are using handmade wooden skates .
They only have handmade wooden skates .

Why ca n't Raff Brinker work ?
Raff Brinker fell from a dike and has a head injury .
Brain injury from falling off a dike .

Why does Dr. Boekman provide the surgery for free ?
The doctor was touched because Hans offered to use the money he had saved to buy steel skates .
He is touched by Hans s offer to pay for the surgery

Why does Hans not win the race ?
Hans let a friend who needed it more win .
Hans lets a friend win the race who needs the prize more than he does .

Why does Dr. Boekman change ?
Mr. Brinker helped Dr. boekman reunite with his lost son .
He is reunited with his son .

How does Hans go become a doctor ?
Dr. Boekman helps Hans go to medical school .
With help from Dr Boekman

Why do Hans and Gretel want to participate in the ice skating race ?
They are excited by the prize of the silver skates .
To get the prize of silver skates .

Why does the community look down on the Brinkers ?
The community looks down on them because they are poor .
because of their low income and poor status

Why is Dr. Boekman gruff in nature ?
The doctor is gruff because his wife dies and his son disappeared .
he has lost his wife and his son has disappeared

What happens to Mr. Brinker s savings ?
They thought Mr. Brinker s savings was lost or stolen , but recovered it .
Miraculous recovery of savings once thought lost .

In which country is the setting of the story ?
Holland
Holland

Why is Dr. Boekman so gruff and coldhearted ?
His wife passed away and his son has gone missing .
loss of his wife and disappearance of son

What gesture moves Dr. Boekman to perform Mr. Brinker s surgery for free ?
Hans ' gesture of trying to pay for the surgery with the money he saved up for the steel skates .
Hans offers his own money that he had been saving for skates

Why has Hans been saving his money ?
He wants to buy steel skates .
To buy steel skates

Who is able to reunite Dr. Boekman with his estranged son ?
Raff Brinker/Mr . Brinker .
Mr. Brinker

How did Mr. Brinker get receive his head injury ?
He fell from the dike .
a fall from a dike

After Mr. Brinker s surgery what event further changes the Brinkers ' fortune ?
The recovery of Mr. Brinker s savings .
Mr. Brinker recovers money that the family thought was lost or stolen a decade earlier .

In which way does Dr. Boekman further help a member of the Brinker s family at the end of the story ?
Dr Boekman helps Hans go to medical school .
He helps Hans go to medical school

Why does the community look down on the Brinkers ?
Because they are poor .
low income and poor status

Why does n't Hans win the silver skates ?
Hans lets his friend win , because his friend needs the prize more .
He lets a friend win

How old is Hans Brinker ?
Fifteen
15 years old

What is Hans ' sister s name ?
Gretel
Gretel

What month of the year does the race take place ?
December
December

What do they receive if they win the race ?
Silver skates
silver skates

Who does Hans beg to treat his father ?
Dr. Boekman
Dr. Boekman

Why does Dr. Boekman do the surgery for free ?
Because he was touched by Hans ' willingness to give up all of his money
touched by Hans ' gesture

What does Hans become when he grows up ?
A doctor
doctor

What country is Hans from ?
Holland
Holland

What place does Gretel get in the girls race ?
First place
First place

