What question is asked by the students to Kate ?
If she is pregnant
why she is n't gaining weight with her pregnancy

Who knows Kate has been drinking at the beginning ?
Dave , her co-worker
Dave , her co-worker

Where does Kate wake up after having spent the previous night getting high ?
On the street
She wakes up alone on the street .

Where does Dave offer to take Kate ?
To an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting
to an AA meeting

What does Kate decide to do after going to her first AA meeting ?
She resolves to become sober
Kate decides to become sober and change her life .

Which of Kate s parents are an alcoholic ?
Rochelle , her mother
the mother

Who throws Kate a surprise baby shower ?
Her colleagues
colleagues

Why does Charlie discourage Kate from telling Mrs. Barnes the truth ?
He is afraid Kate will lose her job
He thought she would lose her job .

Where does Kate relapse ?
In a bar
in a bar after having been fired from her job

How long is Kate sober at the end of the story ?
1 year
one year

Why does Kate pretend to be pregnant ?
Kate was an elementary school teacher and went to work hungover and vomited in front of her students .
because she was hung over and vomited in front of her class

Why does Kate pee on the floor after being refused the wine sale ?
Kate peed on the floor because the bathroom door was locked .
Kate urinates on the floor because the bathroom is locked .

Why is Rochelle skeptical of AA meetings ?
Kates father attended them and then left to be with a new family .
Kate s father left them after getting sober .

What is Charlie doing when Kate is speaking at an AA meeting celebrating one year of sobriety ?
He is getting in trouble for riding a bicycle while drunk .
biking while drink

What happens when Kate tells Mrs. Barnes the truth about her fake pregnancy ?
Kate is fired .
She is fired .

WHy does Dave invite Kate to an AA meeting ?
Dave is a recovering alcoholic .
He knows she has been drinking .

After Kate was fired and relapsed , who drove her home from the bar ?
Jenny and Dave drove her home .
Jenny and Dave .

What has Jenny chosen to focus on rather than alcohol ?
Jenny focuses on her passion for food and cooking .
cooking

Immediately after Charlie and Kate acknowledge their drinking problem , what do they do ?
They decide to get intoxicated and have sex .
They get intoxicated and have sex .

What does Charlie ask Kate for when they are playing croquet ?
He asks for a chance to redeem himself .
Charlie ask Kate to move back in with him .

What is Kate Hannah s profession ?
She is an elementary school teacher .
teacher

What lie does Kate Hannah tell her students after she throws up ?
That she is pregnant .
She tells the students she is pregnant .

What secret does Dave tell Kate that he knows about her ?
That she has been drinking .
That she had been drinking .

Where does Dave invite Kate to go with him ?
To an Alcoholics Anonymous ( AA ) meeting .
Dave invites Kate to go to an Alcoholics Anonymous ( AA ) meeting

When did Kate s father leave his first family ?
After he got sober .
When he got sober

What has Jenny exchanged for alcohol ?
Food and cooking .
food and cooking

What happens when Kate tells Mrs. Barnes that she was never pregnant ?
Mrs. Barnes fires Kate .
Kate is fired .

What does Kate do immediately after she is fired ?
She goes to a bar and gets drunk .
relapse

What do Kate s students accuse her of when she tells them she has had a miscarriage ?
They accuse her of killing her baby .
killing her baby

How do Kate s colleagues at work surpise her ?
They throw her a baby shower .
The throw her a baby shower .

