What story did the narrator read to Roderick Usher ?
He read the The Mad Tryst .
The Mad Tryst

Why did the unnamed narrator visit his friend Roderick Usher ?
He got a letter from Roderick saying that Roderick was ill and was asking for help .
because he had received a letter from Roderick in which he announced he was ill and needed help

What did the narrator see when he arrived at Roderick Usher s house ?
A thin crack on the front of the building from the roof to the lake .
A think crack

What is the nature of Roderick s twin sister Madeline s illness ?
She falls into death like trances .
cataleptic death like trances

What is hyperesthesia ?
It is a sensitivity to light , sound , smalls and tastes .
sensory overload

What is hyperchondria ?
When a person excessively worries about having a serious illness .
the intense worrying oneself does if they believe they are or have become ill

After Roderick tells the narrator that Madeline is dead what does he want they do with the body ?
Roderick insists they inter her in the family tomb for two weeks .
Entombed for two weeks in the family tomb .

As the narrator is reading to Roderick what sounds are heard in the house ?
Cracking and ripping sounds are heard .
cracking and ripping sounds , and then a shriek , and then a metallic hollow reverberation

What did Roderick confess to the narrator about Madeline ?
That he knew Madeline was n't dead >
that she had been alive when they entombed her

What happens when Madeline falls on Roderick ?
They both fall to the floor as corpses .
they both fall to the floor as corpses

Who was complaining about an illness and asking for the narrator s help ?
Roderick Usher .
Roderick Usher

What happens to Madeline due to her illness ?
She falls into cataleptic , deathlike trances .
she dies

What is the title of the song Roderick sang ?
The Haunted Palace
The Haunted Palace

As the narrator helps Roderick put Madeline in the tomb , what did he notice ?
She had rosy cheeks .
Her rosy cheeks

What is the condition defined by excessive worrying over illnesses ?
Hypochondria .
hypochondria

What glowed in the dark and was seen on Roderick s paintings ?
The tarn surrounding the house .
the tarn around the house

Why did the character Ethelred break into a hermit s dwelling ?
To escape an impending storm .
He wanted to flee from the storm that was coming .

Which creature guarded the palace of gold ?
A dragon .
Dragon

Who was behind the bedroom door ?
Madeline .
Madeline

How did Roderick react to the things happening in the house while the story was being told ?
He was hysterical .
Increasing anxiety , agitation , and noticing things with the house like the tarn glowing in the dark .

Whose house does the narrator arrive at ?
Roderick Usher
the house of his friend , Roderick Usher

What is wrong with Roderick Usher ?
He has hyperesthesia and hypochondria
He has hypochondria , acute anxiety , and hyperesthesia .

What is wrong with Roderick Usher s sister ?
She falls into deathlike trances
She falls into coma-like trances before dying

What does the narrator do to cheer Roderick ?
He listens to Roderick s guitar compositions and reads with him
Reading him stories and listening to him sing .

What song does Roderick sing to the narrator ?
The Haunted Palace
The Haunted Palace

Where does Roderick insist his sister should be entombed for 2 weeks ?
In the family tomb in the house
The family tomb that is in the house .

What does the narrator notice about Madeline s cheeks after death ?
They are rosy
She has rosy cheeks

What does the narrator notice about the tarn of the house during a storm ?
It glows in the dark without any lightning
It glows

What does the narrator read to try to calm Roderick ?
The Mad Tryst
the Mad Tryst

Who killed the dragon in The Mad Tryst ?
Ethelred
Ethelred

