Why was Anthony in the psychiatric unit ?
self-described exhaustion
self-described exhaustion

Why was Anthony upset at Dignan after the practice heist ?
Dignan had taken earrings that Anthony had gifted to his mother and this was not a part of their plan .
Dignan stole earrings he was n't suppoed to take

Who was the getaway driver for the bookstore heist ?
Bob Mapplethorpe
Bob Mapplethorpe

What was in the envelope that Anthony had Dignan give to Inez ?
stolen money
Anthony s money .

Where was Dignan at the end of the story ?
Prison
In prison .

What is Mr. Henry s actual job ?
landscaper
landscaper

Who are Mr. Henry s accomplices for the heist at the factory ?
Applejack and Kumar
Applejack and Kumar

Where did Dignan lock himself once the factory heist plan went downhill ?
in the escape van
He locks himself out of the escape van .

Who robbed Bob s house ?
Mr. Henry
Mr. Henry

Why did Dignan and Anthony go their seperate ways after the Alfa Romeo Spider breaks down ?
Anthony tells Dignan that the envelope he gave Inez contained most of their cash .
They got into a confrontation .

What is the first heist that Dignan and Anthony commit ?
As a practice heist they break into Anthony s family s home .
Anthony s family s home

What does Dignan take from Anthony s family s home that was not on the list of items to steal ?
A pair of earrings that Anthony had bought for his mother .
Earrings that were a gift .

What job does Dignan recruit Bob Mapplethorpe for ?
He is recruited as the getaway driver .
A getaway driver .

What is the group s second robery ?
A local bookstore .
Anthony s family s house .

Who does Anthony meet at the motel where they are staying while on the lam ?
Inez one of the motel maids .
Inez

What language does Inez speak ?
Spanish .
Spanish .

What is in the envelope that Anthony asks Dignan to give to Inez ?
The envelope contains most of Dignan and Anthony s money .
money

What is the heist that the trio plans with Mr. Henry ?
To rob a safe in a cold storage facility .
Rob a safe at a cold storage facility

Who are Applejack and Kumar ?
Accomplices who work for Mr. Henry s landscaping company .
Collaborators in the heist

Who does Bob accidently shoot in the arm ?
Applejack .
Applejack

How did Bob Maplethorpe get the job as get away driver ?
He was the only person Dignan and Anthony knew with a car .
He was the only one with a car .

Why did Bob leave Anthony and Dignan at the motel ?
His brother had been arrested after police discovered his marijuana crops .
To help his brother .

After Bob s departure , what does Anthony and Dignan use for transportation ?
A broken down Alfa Romeo Spyder
Dignan finds an old spider .

What is the reason for Anthony and Dignan finally parting way ?
Anthony giving their money to Inez .
they get in a confrontation

Why was Anthony in a psychiatric facility ?
He checked himself in for exhaustion .
For exhaustion .

How does Dignan get himself arrested ?
He accidentally gets himself locked out of the getaway van .
He locked himself out of the escape van .

How did Dignan get his hands on the earrings go Anthony s mom ?
The used Anthony s house for a practice heist .
He took them during the heist .

How does Mr. Henry betray the group ?
By robbing Bob s house during the heist
He robs Bob s house

