What does Sir Nigel come to New York looking for ?
an heiress
A mistress

Who is Ughtred ?
Rosalie and Sir Nigel s son
Rosalie s son

What does Mount Dunstan do to regain respect with the community ?
He opens his home to sick people
He opens his estate to workers suffering from typhoid

What does G. Seldon sell ?
typewriters
Typewriters .

Who is Bettina in relation to Rosalie ?
her sister
Her sister

Who caused Mount Dunstan to have a bad reputation ?
Mount Dunstan s father and brother
Because of his late father and brother

Why did Bettina go looking for Rosalie ?
She had lost contact with her
To investigate why Rosalie lost contact with her family

Where does Sir Nigel take Rosalie after they become married ?
to England
England

Why was Sir Nigel attracted to Rosalie ?
Her father was a millionaire
She is an heiress

Who fights Sir Nigel after he tries to bully Bettina into leaving ?
Mount Dunstan
Mount Dunstan .

What is Sir Nigel searching for in New York ?
An heiress
an heiress to marry

Who does Sir Nigel marry ?
Rosalie Vanderpoel
Rosalie Vanderpoel

What is Bettina s relationship to Rosalie ?
Bettina is Rosalie s sister
Sister

What is Ughtred s relationship to Rosalie ?
Ughtred is Rosalie s son
He is her son .

What does Bettina insist on repairing ?
Stornam Court
Rosalie s health and the building and grounds of Stornham Court

Who does Bettina fall in love with ?
Mount Dunstan
Mount Dunstan

What disease is rumored to have killed Mount Dunstan ?
Typhus
Typhus .

Who does Bettina insist perform repairs on Stornam Court ?
The local villagers
Local workers

Who whips Sir Nigel like a dog ?
Mount Dunstan
Mount Dunstan

Why does Sir Nigel Anstruthers come to New York ?
He does not have money to keep his estate up and is in search of an heiress .
To find a mistress

Why does Rosalie s family not hear from her ?
Rosalie does not contact her family because Nigel and his mother control and isolate Rosalie .
Her husband and mother-in-law isolate and control her .

Where does Bettina go after wondering for a decade why Rosalie has not contacted the family ?
Bettina travels to Stornham court to investigate .
To visit Rosalie and Stornham Court .

How does Bettina gain the respect of the local villagers ?
She insists that the work done on the estate be performed by local workers .
By insisting that any repairs are to be done by local workers .

In what state does Bettina find Rosalie and Ughtred ?
They are emotionally and physically fragile and their estate is in ruins .
Physically and emotionally fragile

What does Bettina do while Nigel is absent ?
Bettina restores Rosalie s health and begins to fix Stornham Court .
Restores Rosalie s health and the grounds and buildings of Stornham court

Why is Mount Dunstan not well respected within his neighborhood ?
He was not respected because his father and brother were not reputable people .
his father and brother

How does Mount Dunstan gain the respect of the neighborhood ?
He opens his estate to those that suffer from typhoid fever .
He opens his estate to typhoid victims .

How does Sir Nigel die ?
He suffers a fit and dies after Mount Dunstan whips him like a dog .
he suffers a fit

