What does the late Allan Armadale instruct Mr. Neal to give to his son after he comes of age ?
Allan Armadale s murder confession
the transcription of his confession about the murder he had committed

What is Ozias Midwinter s real name ?
Allan Armadale
Allan Armadale

Who is Ozias Midwinter s stepfather ?
Mr. Neal
Mr Neal

What does Ozias believe Allan s dreams are ?
Prophesies of the future
A prophesy of the future .

What estate does Allan inherit ?
Thorpe-Ambrose
Thorpe-Ambrose in Norfolk .

Who was Allan s mother s maid ?
Lydia Gwilt
Lydia

How does Allan escape the murder attempt from Lydia s ex-husband ?
He pretends to have drowned in a shipwreck .
he was supposed to have drowned in a shipwreck , but he manages to escape and returns to England

After taking matters into her own hands , how does Lydia plan to kill Allan ?
Poisonous gas
by having her Cuban desperado ex husband murder him

How does Lydia kill herself ?
She goes into the poisonous gas-filled room .
She walks into an air-poisoned room .

Who does Allan marry at the end of the story ?
Eleanor Milroy
Miss Milroy

How many separate characters are named Allan Armadale ?
There are three .
There are three characters named Allan Armadale in the novel .

Why did Lydia wish to marry Allan ?
She married him for money .
to achieve retribution for wrongdoings of Allan s family .

How do we learn of the initial murder ?
Through a deathbed confession .
A confession from Allen Armdale on his deathbed .

Why does the elder Armadale warn his son that he ( the son ) may become a murderer ?
Because the elder Armadale murdered a man that he had disinherited .
because he had murdered someone

How does Midwinter interpret the dream ?
He interpreted it superstitiously .
As a portent of things that might come true in the future .

How does the desperado attempt to murder Allan ?
By drowning him in a shipwreck .
The desperado attempts to kill Allan by drowning him in a shipwreck .

By what method does Lydia attempt to murder Allan ?
By using poison gas .
Poison gas .

Why does Lydia Gwilt want to marry Allan ?
Retribution for supposed family wrongdoings
To get retribution for his family s wrongdoings .

Why does Ozias feel that he will harm Allan ?
His father s letter warns him that he may kill him .
because he is close to Allan

Why does Lydia commit suicide ?
She can not kill the man she really loves .
She feels guilt for trying to murder Allen and almost murdering her own husband instead .

Who is transcribing Allan s deathbed story ?
Mr. Neal
Mr. Neal

Who is supposed to read Allan s confession ?
his son
his son

How many members of Allan s family died under mysterious circumstances ?
3
Three

Why does Lydia want to marry Allan ?
as a means of achieving retribution for his family s wrongdoings
for his fortune

Who plans to murder Allan ?
Lydia
Lydia

How does Lydia kill herself ?
by going into a room filled with poison gas
She walks into a room full of poison gas .

Who is infatuated with Lydia ?
Mr. Bashwood
Ozias Midwinter

What does Midwinter do after Lydia s passing ?
becomes a writer
he becomes a writer

Why does Ozias feel haunted by becoming close to Allan ?
he fears he will hurt him
He fears he will harm him .

What position does Allan intend to give Ozias at his estate ?
steward
steward

