What kind of music is reported in the skies all over the world ?
trumpet music
trumpet

What color flags appear ?
black
Black flags with gold suns

What color suns appear ?
gold
gold suns

Where do the gold suns appear ?
on top of tall historic land marks
Statue of Liberty , Eiffel Tower

Who is responsible for the mysterious events ?
Robur
Robur

Where is the Weldon Institute ?
Philadelphia
Philadelphia , PA

What kind of craft to members of the Weldon Institute will allow people to master the skies ?
lighter than air craft
a Go Ahead

Where is the Albatross anchored for repairs ?
Chatham Islands
Chatham Islands

What does Robur eventually do with the 3 men ?
return them to the ground
rescued and return the 3 men to the ground

Members of the Weldon Institute decide to have how many propellers in the front ?
one
one

Where is the Weldon Institute located ?
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
Philadelphia

Which part of the Go-ahead caused a heated discussion within the Weldon Institute ?
The propeller .
the propeller

What is the name of Robur s ship ?
The Albatross .
the Albatross

What do the flags look like that mysteriously appear on several historic landmarks ?
Black flags with golden suns .
black with gold suns

Which musical instrument can be heard playing in skies all over the world ?
A trumpet .
trumpet

When Robur takes his captives on a journey around the world to demonstrate his ship s superiority , how long does the journey last ?
Three weeks .
three weeks

When the Weldon Institute members , who had been held captive by Robur , escape , what changes did they make to the Go-ahead upon their return to Philidelphia ?
They put one propeller in the front and one in the back .
They decide to have two propellers rather than just one , one on the front and one behind , similar to Robur s machine .

How did Robur s captives get rescued from the small island they escaped to ?
By ship .
by a ship

How did Robur exact his revenge after building a new Albatross ?
By showing its superiority to the Weldon Institute s Go-ahead .
He flies in on the Weldon Institutes demonstrations and shows that his airship is faster and more maneuverable

What title is Robur given after he states that he has made conquest of the air ?
Robur the Conqueror .
Robur the Conqueror

What is the name of the flight enthusiasts club in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ?
The Weldon Institute
Weldon Institute

What is the name of the first flying ship that Robur uses ?
The Albatross
The Albatross

What is the name of the lighter than air craft that the Weldon Institute has ?
The Go-Ahead
Go-ahead

What did the crew of the Albatross use as a raft when it exploded ?
Pieces of the Albatross
remains of the ship

Where is the Albatross anchored when the horizontal propellers are damaged ?
Over the Chatham Islands
over the Chatham Islands

What are considered heavier than air craft ?
Airplanes and Helicopters
airplanes and helicopters

What does Robur say the crowd should be seeking , rather than revolution ?
Evolution
evolution

The Go-Ahead drops out of the sky , when her gas bags rupture , what does the story say it looks like ?
A rapidly descending kite
a rapidly descending kite

What do the black flags have on them ?
Gold sun
gold suns

