Who is Frank Pentangeli trying to defend his Brooklyn territory from in 1958 ?
The Rosato brothers
the Rosato Brothers

Who does Pentangeli agree to testify against ?
Michael
michael

Who kills Rocco ?
Federal agents
federal agents

How does Pentangeli die ?
He slit his wrists in the bathtub .
slit his wrist in a bathtub

What is the name of Vito s company ?
Genco Pura Olive OIl
Genco Pura Olive Oil

How does Vito gain access to Don Ciccio s house ?
To ask for a blessing for his olive oil business .
Ask for his olive oil company to be blessed

Why does Roth return to the United States ?
He is refused asylum in Israel .
they tried to kill him and his right hand man .

What does Michael learn when he returns from Havana ?
That his wife Kay has miscarried .
His wife kay had a miscarrage

Who is Vito s business partner ?
Tommasino
Tommasino

What does Micheal decide after Pearl Harbor ?
To leave college and join the Marines .
enlisted in the Marine Corps

Who kills Rocco ?
The federal Agents .
federal agents

Why was Roth forced to return to the USA ?
He is refused entry to israel .
refused asylum in Israel

Who does Michael order to assasinate Fredo ?
He orders Al neri .
Al Neri

Whose funeral does Michael attend ?
Carmela Corleone .
Carmela Corleone

Michael Announced he has left college to re enlist in what branch ?
The marine corps
the United States Marine Corps

The Corleone family gathers in their dining room for what event ?
Vitos birthday party .
Vito d birthday

Michael has a few meetings after what important event pertaining to his son ?
First communion party .
First Communion

Where did Vito escape from ?
New york city .
sicily

Where was the family of Vito Andolino killed ?
Corleone Sicily .
Corleone , Sicily

As the story concludes , who was Michael Corleone sitting with by the Lake at the family compound ?
Alone .
no one

As the story recounts , why was young Vito Andolini s family killed back in Sicily , Italy ?
His father insulted a ruthless local mafia boss .
his father insulted the local mafia boss

Who is Don Ciccio ?
A local Italian Sicily mafia chieftain .
mafia chieftan

How does Michael Corleone explain his decision to dropout of College ?
To enlist for service in the United States Military .
after Pearl Harbor attack , he is going into the Marines

Why did Michael Corleone claim he had to respond to the call of duty by signing-up to serve in the US Marine Corps ?
Because of the attack on Pearl Harbor .
Pearl Harbor

On what exact date did the Corleone family gather to surprise Vito Andolini on his birthday ?
December 07/1941 .
December 7 , 1941

Who is Carmela to Vito Corleone ?
Carmela is Vito Corleone s spouse .
wife

Why did 9 year old boy Vito Andolini escape to New York City in 1941 ?
His family was killed .
his family was killed

Upon arrival on Ellis Island , how does Vito Andolini register his name ?
Andolini registers as Vito Corleone .
Vito Corleone

What is the name of Vito Corleone rather successful business in New York ?
Genco Pura Olive Oil .
Genco Pura Olive Oil

