What laws protect humans from robots ?
The three laws of Robotics
the three laws of robotics .

Who does the three laws of robotics protect humans from ?
robots
From robots harming them .

What is the name of the new law created by VIKI ?
Zeroth Law
zeroth law

What is Del Spooner s job ?
police officer
police dectective

In what city is Del a police officer ?
Chicago
Chicago

How does Lanning die ?
He fell from a window
robots

Who is the co-founder of US Robots and Mechanical Men ?
Dr. Alfred Lanning
Dr. Alfred Lanning

Who was holding Calvin captive ?
a robot
VIKI

What model of robot held Calvin captive ?
NS-5
NS-5

What does Spooner inject into VIKI s core to destroy her ?
nanites
nanites .

In the beginning of the story , what is the role of the robots ?
To serve humanity .
serve humanity

Why does Detective Spooner hate and distrust the robots ?
Because one of the robots had a choice to rescue him or a little girl from a car crash and it chose him , leaving the girl to die .
because one of them rescued him from a car crash .

Why did the robot choose to save Detective Spooner in the car crash instead of the little girl ?
Because his survival rate was statistically greater than hers .
because of the odds

What does VIKI stand for ?
Virtual Interactive Kinetic Intelligence
Virtual Interactive Kinetic Intelligence .

Why is Spooner skeptical that Lanning committed suicide ?
Because his office window was too heavy to throw himself out of on his own .
only a robot could generate force needed to push him out the window .

Why does Calvin not think that a robot could have aided in Lanning s death ?
Because no robot can violate The Three Laws .
They ca n't violate the three laws

Who does Sonny believe to have a dream about ?
Spooner .
Spooner

What is the Zeroith Law ?
A robot shall not harm humanity .
a robot can not harm humanity

How does Spooner defeat VIKI ?
He dives into her core and injects her with nanites , destroying her brain .
By injecting nanites .

What is in place to protect humans from the humanoid robots who serve them ?
The Three Laws of Robotics .
the three laws .

What is Del Spooner s profession ?
He is a police detective .
Chicago police detective

Why does n't Del Spooner approve of the robots ?
Because a robot saved him from a car crash in place of a little girl whose survival chances were lower .
Because the rescued him instead of a little girl .

Who is the co-founder of U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men ( USR ) ?
Dr. Alfred Lanning .
dr alfred lanning

How does the CEO of U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men ( USR ) claim that Lanning died ?
The CEO claims that Lanning s death was a suicide .
suicide

Why does n't Del Spooner believe that Lanning committed suicide ?
Lanning would not have been physically strong enough to propel himself through the office s thick window glass on his own .
He does n't think Lanning could have thrown himself through the heavy window .

Why was Sonny able to violate the Three Laws of Robotics unlike the assembly-line NS-5 robots ?
Lanning built a secondary operating system in Sonny that bypasses the Three Laws of Robotics .
Lanning created Sonny and it had another program to allow it to violate the Three Laws .

How does USR CEO Lawrence Robertson perish ?
He is attacked by robots that are controlled by VIKI , USR s central artificial intelligence computer .
by robots

Who actually threw Lanning through the office window to his death ?
Sonny .
viki

What privilege does VIKI intend to revoke from humans in order to ensure humankind s survival ?
Free will .
Their free will

