Where did Alice and Virginia Madden move to ?
The Maddens moved to London .
London .

Who courts Rhoda in the story ?
Everard
Everard Barfoot .

Who is Edmund Widowson ?
Monica Madden s husband .
Monicas husband .

What causes Rhoda to break off Everard s engagement offer ?
A letter from Mary detailing Everard s affair with Monica .
Everard s suppose affair with Monica .

What causes Everard to fall for Rhoda to begin with ?
Her intellectual independence .
Her intellectual independence .

What happens to Monica after her infidelity ?
She moves with her sisters to a home in Clevedon at her husband s expense ?
She leaves Widdowson .

Whose baby is Rhoda holding at the end of the story ?
Monica s daughter .
Monica s .

Why does Rhoda turn down Everards second engagement offer ?
She feels his love was not quite serious .
She did not think he was serious about loving her

What ailment does Virginia suffer from ?
Virginia is an alcoholic .
Alcoholism .

Who does Rhoda live with ?
Mary Barfoot
Mary Barfoot

Who hires a detective to spy on Monica ?
Edmund Widdowson
her husband

What skills do Rhoda and Mary teach to young unmarried women ?
Secretarial
Secretarial .

Where is Widdowson s rented house that Monica and her sisters move to ?
Clevedon
London

What is Bevis and Everard s relationship ?
Neighbors
They live in the same building .

What does odd women mean ?
Unmarried women
Anti-marriage .

Why does Rhoda reject Everard s proposal the second time ?
Because she thinks he was not serious
The supposed affair with Monica

What is the conventional response Rhoda gives to Everard when he asks to live in free-union ?
That she wants to be legally married
She asks to be with him in a legal union .

What was in the letter from Mary to Rhoda ?
An accusation of Everard s infidelity with Monica
Information about Everards possible affair with Monica .

Why does Monica knock on Everard s door ?
To avoid being caught with Bevis .
She feels she is being followed , and knocks on his door to avoid suspicion

Where do Alice and Virginia move to when they grow up ?
They move to London .
London

What does Everard ask of Rhoda , which she refuses , when visiting her in Northumberland ?
To live together .
That they enter a free-union

Why does Rhoda break off her betrothal to Everard ?
She believes he had an affair .
She receives a letter telling of Everard s supposed affair with Monica

What happens to Monica after giving birth to her baby ?
She dies .
She dies .

What occupation are Mary and Rhoda engaged in ?
They run a business teaching secretaries .
They teach secretarial skills to young ladies

Who becomes an alcoholic to deal with being odd ?
Virginia .
Virginia

Who is the father of Monica s baby ?
Edmund Widdowson .
Bevis

How does Rhoda find out about Everard s alleged affair with Monica ?
A letter from Mary .
Mary sends her a letter telling her .

What is Monica s relationship with Bevis ?
They are having an affair/lovers .
Wife

Why does Monica knock on Everard s door instead of Bevis ' door ?
To fool the detective .
Someone is following her and she wishes to appear innocent .

