What religion is Mrs. Prime ?
Evangelical
She is Evangelical .

Who does Mrs. Ray consult to vouch for Rowan ?
Her pastor Charles Comfort
Charles Comfort

Why does Rachel become depressed ?
Rowan does not answer her letters to end the engagement .
Rowan does n't respond to her letter .

What are Mr. Prong s notions regarding marriage ?
He wants a husband to have authority over a wife and control over the finances .
The husband should have authority over the wife .

What are Mrs. Prime s notiongs regarding marriage ?
She does not want to submit to a husband s rule and wants control over her money .
She wants to take control of the money and unwilling to be submissive to her husband .

Where does Rowan go to in order to seek legal advice ?
He goes to London .
He goes to London .

Why does Rowan go to London to seek legal advice ?
He is in a conflict with a senior proprietor of a brewery .
He has a dispute with the proprietor of the brewery .

Who is Rachel Ray s widowed sister ?
Dorothy Prime
Dorothea Prime

What does Mrs. Prime think of worldy joys ?
That they are an impediments to salvation .
They are impediments to salvation .

Who is Luke Rowan ?
A man from London who inherited an interest in a local brewery .
part owner of a local brewery and the young man Rachel falls in love with

What is the relationship between Rachel and Mrs. Prime ?
They are sisters .
They are sisters .

Where does Rachel live ?
Devon
In a cottage near Exeter

Why is Mrs. Prime suspicious of Luke ?
She is suspicious of his morals and motives
Because of his motives and morals .

Why does Luke return to London ?
He needs to get legal advice regarding the brewery
to seek advice from a lawyer

Why does Mrs. Ray consult her pastor ?
She wants to get his opinion on the courtship of Rachel and Luke
She wishes to find out about Luke s character from someone whose opinion she respects .

Why does Comfort encourage Mrs. Ray to end the engagement between Rachel and Luke ?
There are rumors about his conduct in Devon
He believes the rumors about Rowan .

What is the conflict regarding money between Prong and Mrs. Prime ?
Prong wants control over Mrs. Prime s first husband s estate ; Mrs. Prime wants to retain control
He wants control of her late husband s estate .

How does the story between Rachel and Luke end ?
They get married
They are happily married .

How does Rachel feel when Luke does not respond to her letter ?
She becomes increasingly depressed
Depressed

What religion is Mrs. Prime ?
Evangelical
evangelical

Who is Dorothea Prime ?
Rachel Ray s widowed sister
She is Rachel Ray s widowed sister .

Where is the Ray s cottage located ?
Near Exeter in Devon
Devon

Who takes an interest in the local brewery ?
Luke Rowan
Luke Rowan

Who does Rachel Ray get engaged to ?
Luke Rowan
Luke Rowan

Why does Luke Rowan return to London ?
To seek legal counsel
After Rachel accepts his proposal of marriage

Who tells Mrs. Ray to end Rachel Ray s engagement ?
Pastor Charles Comfort
Charles Comfort

Who gave his blessing to Rachel and Luke s engagement ?
Pastor Charles Comfort
Charles Comfort

After releasing Luke Rowan from their engagement , who does Rachel Ray end up marrying ?
Luke Rowan
Rowan

Who does Mrs. Prime try to court ?
Pastor Samuel Prong
Samual Prong

Who does Luke Rowan have a dispute with ?
Senior proprieter of the brewery
A senior proprietor of the brewery .

