What is the name of the song that Patrick sings to the group ?
Marcy s Song
Marcy s Song

Where does Lucy believe Martha has been ?
In the Catskills with her boyfriend .
Living with her boyfriend in the Catskill Mountains .

What does Martha say to Lucy when she is told that she has to leave the lake house ?
She tells Lucy that she will be a bad mother .
That Lucy will be a terrible mother .

What does Martha see while she is swimming ?
A man watching her from the other side of the lake .
A man watching her .

What is the name that Patrick gives Martha ?
Marcy May
Marcy May

Who does Martha help to prepare for her night with Patrick ?
Sarah
Sarah

Where is the cult that Martha escapes located ?
The Catskill Mountains
Catskill Mountain

Who suggests that Martha should be placed in a mental facility ?
Ted
Ted

What is the significance of the name Marlene Lewis ' ?
It s the name that women in the cult use to hide their identity .
It s a name used by all the women to conceal their identities .

What does Patrick want Martha to kill to prove she is a leader and teacher ?
a sick cat
a sick cat

Why does Martha call her sister Lucy ?
She needs somewhere to live after escaping from a cult .
To help her after she has fled from an abusive cult .

Who is Patrick ?
He is the leader of the cult .
The leader of the cult Martha became involved in .

What does Patrick do to Martha on the first night she spends at the farm ?
He rapes her .
Rapes her

What does another cult member tell Martha after learning about the rape ?
That she was lucky to have Patrick as her first sexual partner .
That she is lucky .

What does Patrick call Martha ?
Marcy May .
Marcy May

What is unique about all the babies living on the farm ?
They are all boys .
They are all boys .

How does Martha prepare Sarah for her first night with Patrick ?
She gives her a drugged drink .
She gives her a drugged drink .

Who does Patrick ask Martha to shoot ?
A sick cat and another cult member .
Another cult member .

Why do all the women in the cult answer the phone as Marlene Lewis ?
To conceal their real identities .
To keep their identity concealed .

Why is Martha uncomfortable at the cult after they rob a house ?
A member of the cult murdered the homeowner .
Because they killed the owner

From where does Martha flee ?
An abusive cult in the Catskills Mountains
She flees from an abusive cult in the Catskill Mountains .

Who does Martha tell Lucy she was living with in the Catskills ?
Her boyfriend
Her boyfriend .

What does another woman assure Martha about Patrick ?
That she was lucky to have him as her first sexual partner .
She is lucky he had raped her .

What does Patrick do in front of the group before giving Marcy a new name ?
Sings Marcy s Song
He sing s Marcy s Song

What does Marth give Sarah before Sarah s special night with Patrick ?
A drugged drink
A drugged drink .

What does Patrick ask Martha to do to prove that she is a teacher and a leader ?
Kill a sick cat
Shoot another cult member .

Where does Ted suggest to Lucy that they move Martha ?
A mental health facility
A mental health facility

During a nightmare at the lake house , what does Martha do ?
She attacks Ted
attacks Ted in confusion

The morning before Lucy and Ted take Martha to treatment , what does Martha do ?
She goes swimming in the lake
goes swimming in the lake

What does Sarah notice about all the babies in the community ?
That they are only boys
She notices they are all boys .

