Why does Speed decline Mr. Royalton s offer ?
His father does n't trust large corporations .
Because his father does not trust corporations .

What happened to Speed s brother Rex in the beginning of the story ?
He is killed in the Casa Cristo 5000 race .
he was killed

Who is Racer X revealed to be ?
Speed s brother Rex .
His brother , Rex .

What does Taejo Togokahn say he wants Speed s help to do ?
Raise his family s racing business s stock prices and prevent a buyout
win the Casa Cristo 5000

What was Taejo s true motive in getting Speed to race ?
To increase his family s business s stock prices to get a better price during the buyout .
Increasing the value of his company .

What does Speed suspect about Racer X ?
That he is really Speed s brother Rex
That Racer X is his brother in disguise .

How does Racer X prove he is not Speed s brother ?
By removing his mask
He removes his mask and is not familiar .

How does Mr. Royalton get revenge on Speed for turning down his offer ?
By having his drivers force Speed to crash
Having his drivers have a car crash with speed so they could destroy his Mach 6

How does Speed get an invitation to the Grand Prix ?
He is given the invitation Taejo rejected by Taejo s sister Horuko
He accepts Tajeo s rejected invitation to the Grand Prix .

What does Speed use to show Jack Taylor is cheating ?
Hid jump jacks
Jump Jacks

Who is the head of the corporate crimes division ?
Inspector Detector
Inspector Detector

What does Royalton tell Speed has been fixed by corporate interests to gain profits ?
Many key races
Key Races

Who gives Speed the invitation to the Grand Prix ?
Horuko Togokahn
Horuko Togokahn .

What is the name of Speed s girlfriend ?
Trixie
Trixie

What does Speed use to expose Jack Taylor s cheating in the Grand Prix ?
Jump jacks
He uses his Jump Jack to reveal Jack s cheating on camera .

What do the Racer family build in 32 hours ?
A new Mach 6 racing car
Mach 6 .

What is the device Jack Taylor uses to cheat in the Grand Prix ?
A spearhook
A spearhook

Using what legal cause does Royalton sue Racer Motors ?
Intellectual property infringement
Intellectual property Infringement

What happens to Royalton in the end ?
Taken to jail
His crimes are exposed .

Who was supposedly killed racing in the Casa Cristo 5000 ?
Rex Racer
Rex Racer

What happened to Rex during the Casa Cristo 5000 ?
He was killed .
Rex was killed during the Casa Cristo 5000 .

Who is the Royalton Industry owner that tries to hire Speed Racer ?
Arnold Royalton .
E.P . Arnold Royalton .

Who is Racer X ?
Rex Racer .
Racer X is Speed s brother , Rex , in disguise .

What does Royalton do to pit the other racers in the Grand Prix against Speed ?
He puts a bounty on Speed .
Royalton places a bounty on Speed Racer s head .

What illegal device does Jack Taylor use in the Grand Prix ?
Spearhook .
A spearhook that latches on to other cars .

How does Rex change his appearance after faking his own death ?
Plastic surgery .
Had plastic surgery on his face

After being exposed of his crimes , what happens to Royalton ?
Jail .
He s sent to jail

Who wins the Grand Prix ?
Speed Racer .
Speed

Who is the head of the corporate crimes division that helps Speed Racer take down Royalton ?
Inspector Detector .
Taejo

