Who is Vada ?
She is an 11-year old tomboyish girl .
an 11 year old tomboyish girl

What does her father do for a living ?
He is a funeral director .
He s a funeral director .

Who is Vada s best friend ?
Thomas J. Sennett .
Thomas J .

What is Thomas allergic to ?
Everything .
bees

Who does Vada want to run away with ?
Thomas J .
Thomas J

What do Vada and Thomas J share under the tree ?
A kiss .
first kiss

How does Thomas J die ?
He is attacked by bees .
Bee stings

What does Vada do when her emotions become so strong ?
She runs away .
She runs away .

Who does Vada write a poem about ?
The loss of her best friend .
the loss of her best freind .

How is Vada described in the summer of 1972 ?
an 11 year old hypochondriac tomboy
Tomboyish .

Who is Thomas J. Sennett ?
He is Vada s best friend who has too many allergies to count
an unpopular boy with a lot of allergies

While Vada is taking her poetry class what does Vada admit that she fears most ?
that she killed her mother with her birth
That she killed her mother .

Although Vada became friends with Shelly , the make-up artist at the funeral home , how does Vada react to the news that Henry and Shelly are dating ?
she and Thomas J. try to break them up several times .
She tries to break them up

What causes Vada to want to run away with Thomas J.from the carnival ?
Henry and Shelly announce they are engaged
Shelly s engagement

How does Thomas J. die ?
He kicks a beehive searching for Vada s mood ring , the allergic reaction to the bee stings kills him .
Allergic reaction to bee stings .

What news does Vada find out when she goes to Mr. Bixler s house ?
He s engaged to be married
That he s getting married .

What did Mrs. Sennett give Vada when she went to visit her ?
the mood ring that Thomas J. died to get back
a mood ring

What is the poem about that Vada reads on the last day of writing class ?
the loss of her best friend
Her best friend dying .

What family members does Vada have contact with ?
Father , Grandmother , and Uncle Phil .
her dad and her grandmother and her Uncle Phil

What happened to Vada s mother ?
Vada s mother died two days after Vada s birth .
She died 2 days after giving birth

What does Vada suffer from ?
Vada is a hypochondriac .
She s a hypochondriac .

Who is Vada s best friend ?
Thomas J. is Vada s best friend .
Thomas J

How does Vada pay for the poetry class that Mr. Bixler teaches ?
Vada steals the money from Shelley cookie jar .
Steals money from Shelly s cookie jar .

Why does Thomas J return to the beehive that was knocked down ?
Thomas J return to the behive to retrieve Vada s mood ring that she lost there .
to find Vada s mood ring

When Vada is overcome with emotion at Thomas J s funeral , who does she turn to ?
Vada goes to her teacher Mr. Bixler .
Mr. Bixler .

Why is Mr. Bixler not able to help Vada during this time of grief ?
Mr. Bixler is getting married .
he s about to get married

What is finally discovered as the deep seeded event that has caused Vada so much guild ?
Vada blames herself for the death of her mother .
That her mother s death was n't her fault .

What is Vada s poem that was written in Mr. Bixler s class about ?
The loss of her best friend , Thomas J .
the loss of Thomas

