Who introduces Donnie to the made men of the mafia ?
Benjamin Lefty Ruggiero .
Benjamin Lefty Ruggiero .

How did Donnie impress Lefty ?
By threatening a diamond dealer whom Donnie suspects sells lefty a fake ring .
BY THREATENING A JEWELER WHO HE THINKS SOLD HIM A FAKE RING

Which made man did Lefty owe money to ?
Alphonse Sonny Red Indelicato .
Sonny Red

What is Donnie Brasco s real name ?
Joseph D. Pistone .
Joseph D. Pistone .

Who does Donnie Brasco work for ?
The FBI .
FBI

Who becomes the new bonano street boss after the old one is killed ?
Sonny Red .
Sonny Red

In what city does Joseph talk Sonny Black into meeting the FBI agent Richard richie Gazzo ?
Miami .
MIAMI

Who ordered the police raid on Sonny Black s club in Miami ?
Santo Trafficante .
Santo Trafficante

After Sonny Black becomes the new crime boss , who does he ask Donnie to kill ?
Sonny Red s son , Bruno .
BRUNO

How much is Joseph awarded for his work of infiltrating the mafia ?
A $ 500 check and a medal .
$ 500

Why do Joseph and his wife argue ?
Joseph s wife hates Joseph working undercover for the FBI .
because even at home , Donnie is acting more and more like a Mafia member

How do Donnie and Lefty become friends ?
Donnie threatens a diamond dealer who sold Lefty a fake ring .
When lefty s son almost died from an overdose .

Why did the police raid Sonny Black s club ?
Trafficante ordered them to raid it , in alliance with Sonny Red .
Santo Trafficante Jr. ordered them to do it .

Who is Bruno ?
Bruno is Sonny Red s son .
Sonny Red s son

What is Donnie Brasco s real name ?
Joseph D. Pistone .
Joseph D. Pistone .

Why does Lefty become angry after the Sonny Red becomes the new street boss ?
Sonny Red promotes Sonny Black to captain instead of Lefty .
He promotes Sonny Black to captain .

What is Donnie s task after Sonny Black becomes street boss ?
He must kill Bruno .
To find and kill Sonny Red s son , Bruno .

What does Lefty threaten unless Donnie kills Bruno ?
He threatens to kill Donnie .
that he , Lefty , will kill Donnie

Who is Richie Gazzo ?
Richie is a FBI agent based in Miami .
FBI Agent

What reward did Joseph get for his undercover work ?
$ 500 and a medal .
$ 500 check and a medal .

Why did the jewel thief threaten the diamond dealer ?
he thinks the dealer sold Ruggiero a fake ring
He sold Lefty a fake ring .

How does Lefty know Sonny Black ?
they are in the mafia together
he had taken care of Sonny Black s family while Sonny Black was in prison

Which of the made men ' is owed money by Benjamin ?
Sonny Red
Sonny Red

Why does Pistone argue with his wife ?
she does n't like his job in the FBI
because Donnie is acting more and more like a member of the Mafia even at home

How does Donnie s behavior change the longer he stays undercover ?
he acts more like a criminal
He becomes more like a criminal

When is Sonny Red promoted ?
after the street boss of the Bonanno family is killed
After the Bonanno family s boss is killed .

Who took care care of Dominick s family while he was behind bars ?
Lefty
Lefty .

Which agent was supposed to join the Mafia in Miami ?
Richie
Richard Richie Gazzo

What happened after Lefty s son overdosed ?
Lefty and Donnie reconcile
SONNY AND DONNIE RECONCILED

What is Pistone s wife s name ?
Maggie
Maggie .

