What is Simone ?
A computer generated woman
A computer-generated woman .

How did simone make her first live appearance ?
As a hologram in a cloud of smoke
Viktor uses holographic technology

What was Simone a double winner of ?
The academy award for best actress .
Academy Award for Best Actress

In what did Viktor try to ruin Simone s career ?
When she stared in I am Pig
by making her director of a tasteless film , and then having her drink , smoke , and curse at public appearances , along with making non-PC statements

How does Simone s appearance in I am pig help her reputation ?
She is seen as risk fearless , risk taking and avant-garde
It made her seem bold and a creative risk taker .

What does Viktor do to Simone as a last resort ?
He erases her with a virus .
Erases her with a computer virus .

What is Viktor charged with when he is seen dumping a trunk ?
The murder of Simone .
Simone s murder

Who try to help by finding the virus disk ?
Viktor s ex wife and daughter
Victor s daughter and his ex-wife .

What is a life sentence to Viktor ?
His connection to simone
His connection to Simone

What is Simone concerned about at the end of the story ?
The future of her child
Her child s safety

Why does Taransky have to find a replacement ?
Because the star Nicola Anders refused to finish .
Nicola refuses to finish shooting the film .

Why does Taransky use the name Simone ?
It is from the name of the computer program that made her , Simulation One .
It is derived from the name of the computer program .

Why did Taransky have to re-shoot ?
Because of the contractual agreement with Nicola , no images of her could be used .
Star Nicola Anders refuses to finish the project , and due to this her image can not be used .

How does Taransky fake the song performance at the stadium ?
He uses smoke and holograms .
Smoke and holographic technology .

Who is Simone tied with for the Academy Award ?
Herself .
herself

According to Taransky , how does Simone die ?
He says she died of a rare virus .
a rare virus

What is in Simone s Coffin at her funeral ?
A cardboard cutout .
A cardboard cutout of her .

Who is charged with Simone s death ?
Viktor Taransky .
Viktor

Why does Simone go into politics ?
She is concerned for her child s future .
because she is concerned about her child s future

What does Taransky and Simone show off in a virtual interview ?
Their new baby .
Their baby .

Why was Simone generated ?
Simone was generated to replace Nicola Anders after she backed out of the film .
To play a main part in a movie

Why did Viktor claim Simone was a recluse ?
to hide the fact that she was n't a real person .
Because he did n't want it revealed that she is n't a human being

How did Viktor plan to sabotage Simone s career ?
Viktor had Simone direct a pornographic movie to sabotage her career .
Put her in I Am Pig to disgust audiences

How did Viktor fake Simone s performance ?
Through the use of smoke and holograms viktor was able to make Simone appear live .
Smoke and holograms

Why did Taransky want Simone dead ?
Viktor Taransky was sick of carrying on the Simone act and wanted to do other things .
He no longer wanted to serve his creation

How did Viktor kill Simone ?
a computer virus .
Computer virus

What Do the police find in Simone s casket ?
a cardboard cut out .
Simone s cardboard cut-out

Who was arrested for Simone s murder ?
Viktor Taransky was arrested for Simone s murder .
Viktor

Why was viktor arrested ?
for the murder of Simone
For Simone s murder .

Why did Viktor believe he was innocent ?
Simone was n't real
Because Simone is not a real person .

