Where does most of the story take place ?
on a coach
rickety old stage coach

What does Leger want to do with the land he is leasing ?
buy it for himself and sell it for a profit
Buy it and resell it for profit .

Who does Georges pretend to be to pass the time ?
a nobelman with a military background
Colonel Czerni-Georges

What does Oscar do to embarrass the count and get himself in trouble ?
Told embarrassing secrets and details about him
Divulges secrets .

Why is Oscar being sent to Monsieur Moreau ?
to find a job
hoping a position can be found for him

After leaving the Moreau house , what kind of job does Oscar get ?
clerk in a law office
A clerk in a law office .

Why does Oscar stop working in law ?
He gambled money that was supposed to be for legal matters
Gambling , he loses money he was given for an important legal transaction and was forced to quit law .

What occupation does Oscar get after he abandoned law ?
a soldier
He entered the military .

How did Oscar lose his arm ?
He was rescuing someone on the battlefield
In battle .

What two cities does the stagecoach travel between ?
Val-d'Oise and Paris
Paris an Val-d'Oise .

Who is the good for nothing momma s boy ?
Oscar Husson
Oscar Husson

Who does Georges pretend to be ?
Colonel Czerni-Georges
Colonel Czerni-Georges

Who does the painter pretend to be ?
Heinrich Schinner
Heinrich Schinner .

Who are Oscar s God parents ?
The Moreaus
the Moreaus

What does the count do when he arrives at Presles ?
He gets rid of Moreau
he dismisses Moreau

Who is forced to return to Paris ?
Oscar
Oscar

How many francs does Oscar lose while gambling ?
Five hundred francs
500

What body part does Oscar lose on the battlefield ?
His left arm
He loses his left arm

Who does Oscar become engage to ?
Georgette Pierrotin
Georgette Pierottin

Having lost most of his money , what does Georges Marest do for a living ?
He s an insurance broker
Sell insurance

Where does this story take place ?
In a rickety old stagecoach of Perrotin .
In France

Why is Coun Hugret de Serizy traveling incognito ?
To investigate if the rumors are true of shady dealings on a property he wants to purchase .
To find out if one of his employees is being dishonest

What does Leger hope to do during this trip ?
To buy the property himself and sell it to the count for a significant profit .
buy land from under the count s nose

Who does Oscar try to pass himself off as ?
A close acquaintance to the Count de Serizy and his son .
a close friend of the Comte de Serizy and his son

What does Oscar do in trying to gain reputation with the other passengers ?
He divulges information on the count to other passengers .
Pretends to be someone else .

What happens when the Count arrives at his destination ?
He immediately dismisses Moreau for sharing details with the other passengers .
He dismisses Moreau .

What occupation does Oscar acquire ?
He becomes a law clerk in Paris .
clerk in a law office

What happens to Oscar at the home of Florentine Cabriolle ?
He gambles away 500 francs that were designated for a legal matter .
Loses 500 francs that were not his .

What job does Oscar take after his failing as a legal clerk ?
He becomes a successful soldier .
he joins the military .

What happens to Oscar on the battlefield ?
He loses half of his arm trying to save another soldier from harm .
He loses his arm while attempting to save another soldier

