Where did Pamela Travers live as a child ?
Allora , Queensland , Australia .
Allora , Queensland , Australia

What was Pamela s profession ?
Pamela was an author .
Author

What was Disney trying to secure from Pamela ?
The film rights for Mary Poppins .
Film rights

What personal problems does Pamela have while in Los Angeles ?
Pamela struggles with disturbing childhood memories .
she is upset by childhood memories

What two stipulations are Pamela guaranteed before she agrees to work with Disney ?
She is promised unprecedented script approval and no animation .
No animation and unprecedented script approval

What does Pamela discover during the development of Mary Poppins that causes her to return home to London ?
She discovers a planned animation sequence .
There is an animation sequence

Who follows Pamela to London ?
Disney .
Walt Disney

Why does Disney follow Pamela to London ?
To console her and convince her to grant him the film rights to Mary Poppins .
To gain insight into Travers

How does Pamela respond to the modified characterization of George Banks in the Mary Poppins ?
Pamela is deeply moved .
She is deeply moved

Where was the world premier of Mary Poppins held ?
Grauman s Chinese Theatre .
Grauman s Chinese Theatre in Hollywood

What year does the story begin ?
1961
1961

Who does P.L . travel to Los Angeles to work with ?
Walt Disney
Walt Disney

What was P.L . s fathers name ?
Travers Robert Goff
Travers Robert Goff

What illness did P.L . s father die of ?
Tuberculosis
tuberculosis

What is P.L . s real name ?
Helen Goff
Helen Goff

Where does Disney follow P.L . to ?
London
London

Where does Mary Poppins have its premiere ?
Grauman s Chinese Theatre
at Grauman s Chinese Theater

Who prompts P.L . to show up at Disney s office towards the end of the story ?
Russell
Her agent Diarmuid Russell

What character , in Disney s depiction of Mary Poppins , deeply moves P.L . during the premiere ?
George Banks
George Banks

When Pamela Travers travels from London to Los Angeles , what is she going to do ?
Pamela goes to Los Angeles to work with Walt Disney .
Work with Walt Disney to produce a film of Mary Poppins

What stories did Pamela Travers write that Walt Disney wanted rights to produce ?
Travers wrote the Mary Poppins stories .
Mary Poppins

Why was Travers reluctant to give up the rights to her story ?
She was concerned about changes to her character .
Because she fears what Disney would do with the characters

What were the two things that Disney agreed to stick with if Travers was willing to give over her stories ?
Disney agreed to no animation and unprecendented script approval .
No animation and unprecedented script approval

How does Travers view the team working on the project ?
Travers finds their presumptions and casual manners improper .
She finds them too casual and presumptuous .

What is Travers inspiration for writing Mary Poppins ?
Her difficult childhood in Australia with an alcoholic father and depressed mother inspired her to write Mary Poppins .
Her childhood

How does Disney finally find common ground to work with Travers on the project when she pushes back over the depictions of characters ?
Disney realizes how personal the characters are to Travers and much her past inspired them .
He invites her to Disneyland and revises the ending and characters

After Travers begins working with the team what makes her give up and fly home ?
When Travers discovers there will be an animated scene in the movie she confronts Disney , and she goes home .
Disney breaking his promise about no animation in the movie .

How does Walt Disney gain Traver s trust again ?
Disney travels to London to persuade Travers to continue working on her project .
He talks about his own childhood

What do Walt Disney and Pamela Travers have in common ?
Both Walt Disney and Pamela Travers had less than wonderful childhoods .
difficult childhoods

