Which two soldiers are eventually airlifted home by helicopter ?
Chris Taylor and Francis
Francis and Taylor

Who actually causes Elias s death after Barnes shoots him ?
a group of NVA soldiers
A group of North Vietnamese soldiers

Why does Barnes want Elias dead ?
because Barnes thinks that Elias will testify that he was behind an illegal killing and cause him to be counrt-martialed
he is worried he will testify against him

How is Barnes able to communicate with the NVA village chief ?
he uses a translator , Lerner
Lerner translates

When Barnes is about to kill Taylor , what stops him ?
both men are knocked unconscious by an air strike
He is knocked unconscious .

Does Barnes survive the Vietnam war , and if not , how does he die ?
He does not survive , Taylor shoots him
NO , HE DOES NOT SURVIVE . TAYLOR SHOOTS HIM

Why will Francis get to go home even though he was not wounded by the NVA ?
he stabbed himself in the leg so that it looked like he was wounded during the battle
He stabs himself in the leg .

Is Chris Taylor drafted into the war , and if not , how is he called to duty ?
he is not draftet , he drops out of college and enlists for duty in Vietnam
He volunteers and enlists .

Hoe does Taylor know that Barnes is behind the killing of Elias ?
as they are being airlifted away from the battle , Taylor notes Barnes s anxiety after seeing Elias emerge from the treeline alive but wounded
HE SEES BARNES IS ANXIOUS

When Taylor assaults Barnes at the base , who comes away injured and how ?
Barnes cuts Taylor near the eye with a push dagger
Taylor

What causes Chris Taylor s enthusiasm for war to decline ?
The difficult environment
THE DIFFICULT ENVIRONMENT

What infraction does a veteran soldier implicate Taylor of ?
Falling asleep on watch
FALLING ASLEEP DURING WATCH

Which solders are killed by a booby trap in a bunker ?
Sal and Sandy
Sal and Sandy

What does Barnes threaten as he holds the chief s daughter at gunpoint ?
To kill her if the villagers do not reveal what they know about the NVA .
He threatens to kill the chief s daughter if they do n't reveal what they know ( about the NVA s plans ) .

Who breaks up the fight between Elias and Barnes ?
Lt. Wolfe
Lieutenant Wolfe

Who was instrumental in Elias being killed by North Vietnamese Soldiers ?
Barnes
Barnes

Where is Taylor cut by the intoxicated Barnes ?
Near his eye
near his eye

How are the people inside the battalion headquarters killed ?
By a suicide bomber
They are killed by a NVA suicide bomber .

How does Francis ensure that he will be sent home ?
Stabs himself in the leg
stabs himself in the leg

Why does Chris s enthusiasm for the war start to decline ?
Because of the difficult environment .
The environment is difficult and wears down his spirit .

What does Barnes say happened to Elias ?
That he was killed by the enemy .
He was killed by the enemy .

Who do the platoon watch getting killed as he emerged from the trees ?
Elias
Elias

How does Taylor realize that Barnes lied about Elias being killed by the enemy ?
Because he saw Elias alive but wounded after Barnes had said he was killed .
They see him still alive from the helicopter and Barnes is nervous about it

Which soldier is used as a translator in the village where the weapons are discovered ?
Lerner
Lerner

How are Sal and Sandy killed ?
By a booby trap in a bunker .
a booby trap in a bunker

Why does Barnes attack Taylor with a dagger ?
Because he overhears Taylor telling the others that Barnes was responsible for Elias ' death .
Barnes believes Taylor is responsible for Elias death

What does Barnes order Taylor to do when Taylor finds him wounded ?
Call a medic .
Pull the trigger ( shoot Barnes ) .

What does Captain Harris threaten to do if he finds any evidence of an unlawful killing at the village ?
Order a court-martial .
Order a court-martial .

What does Taylor see from the helicopter than makes him weep ?
Craters full of corpses .
MULTIPLE CRATERS FULL OF CORPSES

