Where was Gabriel Crasweller born ?
New Zealand
New Zealand

What is the Fixed Period ?
a law that limits citizens ' lifespans
The deposition of the elderly

Why does Abraham Grundle support depositing Gabriel ?
He wants to inherit his fortune
He just wants to inherit Gabriel s fortune .

Who is Abraham engaged to ?
Eva
Gabriel Crasweller s daughter , Eva .

Who thought of the idea of the Fixed Period ?
John Neverbend
John Neverbend

What holds up the carriage that John is riding in ?
The British Army
Britsh armed forces .

What weapon is the British army armed with ?
A 250lb swivel gun
A 250 lb . swivel gun .

Who is Neverbend s son ?
Jack
Jack

Where does John Neverbend end up ?
Britain
England

Who is the President of Britannula ?
John Neverbend
John Neverbend .

Who saves Crasweller from his deposition ?
The British Armed Forces
British armed forces .

What is the name of the Senator that supports Neverbend ?
Abraham Grundle
Abraham Grundle

Who is Abraham Grundle engaged to ?
Crasweller s daughter , Eva .
Gabriel Crasweller s daughter , Eva

What are Neverbends writings about ?
The Fixed Period
The history of Britannula

John Neverbend is forced to return to where ?
England
England .

What city does the British Armed Forces threaten to destroy ?
Gladstonopolis
Britannula

Brittanula is re-annexed to what country ?
Great Britain
Brittanula is re-annexed to Great Britain .

Who wants to inherit John Neverbends fortune ?
Abraham Grundle
Grundle

Who is Britanula s oldest citizen ?
Gabriel Crasweller
Gabriel Crasweller

Who is Britannula s oldest citizen ?
Gabriel Crasweller , he was born in 1913
crawsweller

Who is the President of Britannula ?
John Neverbend , Crasweller s best friend
John Neverbend

What does Neverbend think is unfortunate about Crasweller ?
he does n't seem to be aging normally
That Crasweller does not show any negative signs associated with being near the Fixed Period .

Why does Craweller start lying about his age ?
he does n't want to be deposed
because he is about to be killed for being old .

Who is Abraham Grundle ?
a young senator that believe as Neverbend does , but is engaged to Crasweller s daughter
A young Senator .

What happens to Craweller s carriage on the day he s to be deposed ?
The British forces have stopped it
It s held up by British armed forces .

What is Neverbend forced to do by the British ?
release Crasweller , step down as President of Britannula , and forced to return to England with them
Release Crasweller and step down as president .

What does Neverbend write on the voyage to England ?
the history of Britannula
Neverbend writes the history of Brittanula on his way back to England .

What does Neverbend plan to preach to the English about ?
the steps needed for the progress of mankind
His step in the progress to mankind

What stops Neverbend from writing anything else and preaching to the English ?
he is n't sure what kind of a reception he would get
He does n't know if he ll be respected or even allowed back in Britannula .

