How much money does McCandless donate to the Oxfam charity ?
$ 24,000
$ 24,000

What make/model car does McCandless drive at the start of his cross-country journey ?
Datsun B210
Datsun B210

What crime is Westerberg arrested for ?
Satellite piracy
satellite piracy

What happens to McCandless s car in Lake Mead , Arizona ?
Stuck in a flash flood
caught in a flash flood

Why does McCandless stop riding on freight trains and go back to hitchhiking ?
He was beaten by railroad cops .
Because he is beaten by the railroad police

Why does McCandless reject Tracy s advances ?
She is too young .
Because she is underage .

What does Franz teach McCandless ?
He teaches him leatherwork .
The craft of leather work

Where in Alaska does McCandless set up his campsite at the city bus ?
North of the Denali National Park and Preserve
Denali National Park

Why is McCandless unable to cross the stream when he decides to leave his camp for good ?
Not shallow enough and the current is too quick .
it is wide deep and violent due to snow thaw

Who returns McCandless s ashes back to Virginia from Alaska ?
His sister , Carine .
His sister , Carine

What does McCandless call the abandoned bus ?
The Magic Bus .
the magic bus

Where is the magic bus ?
Denali National Park in Alaska
Denali national park

After graduating Emory University what did McCandless do ?
Destroyed his identity and donated all his money .
traveled crossing country

Where was McCandless at when his car was caught in a flash flood ?
Lake Mead , Arizona
Lake Mead , AZ

What new name does McCandless take ?
Alexander Supertramp
Alexander Supertramp

Where did McCandless end up when he went kayaking ?
Mexico
Mexico

What are the name of the hippies ?
Jan and Ramey
Jan and Rainey

What did McCandless realize after living in the wilderness ?
That nature is harsh and uncaring .
happiness is through relationships with other people

How does McCandless die ?
He eat posioness roots .
he accidentally eats poisonous plants

When did Christopher graduate from college ?
1990
in May 1990

Where is Christopher living two years after leaving Emory University ?
Alaska
Denali National Park

Which organization received a donation from Christopher in 1990 ?
Oxfam
Oxfam

What happened to Carine s brother s credit cards ?
he burned them
destroyed

How did Christopher travel across the United States ?
driving his Datsun B210
in a Datsun

Which of Christopher s choices made his parents the most nervous ?
his decision to not keep in contact with them
He destroyed all his information , gave away most of his money and sets out to drive cross country to experience the wilderness .

How did Alexander get into Mexico ?
on the Colorado River in a kayak
Kayaked down a river

Who does Supertramp work for in Carthage ?
Wayne Westerberg
Wayne Westerburg s contract harvesting company

What did Christopher make to tell the story of his journey ?
a leather belt
a belt

What caused Christopher s death ?
he ate a poisonous plant
Eating a poisonous plant

