What is Frank Navasky s job ?
newspaper writer
newspaper writer

What newspaper does Frank work for ?
The New York Observer
The New York Observer

What kind of email account does Kathleen have ?
AOL
aol

What is Kathleen s AOL screen name ?
shopgirl
ShopGirl

What is Joe Fox s screen name ?
NY152
NY152

What kind of chatroom did Kathleen meet Joe in ?
over-30s
An over-30s chatroom

What is the name of the store opening around the corner from Kathleen ?
Fox Books
Fox Books

What is the name of Kathleen s store ?
The Shop Around the Corner
The shop around the corner

Who ran Kathleen s store before she took over ?
her mother
Her mother

What is the name of Joe s dog ?
Brinkley
Brinkley

Who is Kathleen Kelly Involved with ?
Frank Navasky .
Frank Navasky

Why does Joe enter Kathleen s store ?
For Story time with his younger brothers .
to let his younger relatives get story time

Who are Kathleen s store assistants ?
George , Aunt Birdie , and Christina .
George , Aunt Birdie , Christina

What store is opening around the corner from Kelley s store ?
Fox Book Store .
Fox Books Store

What is Fox s screen name ?
His screen name is NY152
NY152

Where does Kathleen discover Joe s true identity ?
At a publishing party .
at a publishing party

What was the true nature of Fox s store thought to be ?
friendliness and relaxation .
One of friendliness and relaxation

What newspaper does frank write for ?
The New York Observer .
The New York Observer

With whom is Kelley exchanging messages with ?
Joe Fox .
NY152

What does Kathleen accuse joe of ?
Deception and Spying..
deception and spying

Where does Kathleen Kelly work ?
She works at an independent bookstore called The Shop Around The Corner .
The Shop Around the Corner , a book store

What entity does Joe Fox work for ?
He works for Fox Books , a large conglomerate chain of bookstores .
Fox Books

Where have Kathleen and Joe exchanged messages before ?
They are in an online relationship , exchanging messages and e-mails back and forth to one another .
AOL

Why do Kathleen and Joe cross paths in real life ?
Joe takes his aunt and brother into Kathleen s bookstore to experience a children s story time .
They both work in upper west Manhattan

What does Kathleen reveal to Joe in their conversation at Shop Around the Corner ?
She fears what the new Fox Books will do to her small bookstore , especially being so close to her shop .
Fox Books opening near by

What happens to The Shop Around the Corner ?
The shop goes out of business , and the other employees seek employment elsewhere .
It closes down

What happens when Kathleen and Joe finally decide to meet up ?
Joe discovers who he has been exchanging e-mails with , but he and Kathleen clash and he does n't reveal he is the person she has been e-mailing .
they clash

What happens afte Kathleen and Joe were supposed to meet up ?
Joe apologizes for standing Kathleen up and continues the correspondence .
They clash in-person and his online persona stands her up

How does the story finally resolve ?
Kathleen and Joe finally meet in person and realize they both love each other .
They fall in love

