Why did Hugh Crain s first wife never enter Hill House ?
She died in a crash before she could .
her carriage crashed into a tree and she died

Why did Dr. Markway lease Hill House ?
Markway was studying paranormal activity .
to investigate paranormal activity

Who agreed to let Markway lease the house and what was the one stipulation placed upon him ?
Mrs. Sanderson agreed to allow the lease if Markway allowed Luke Sanderson , her heir , to be present during the investigations .
Mrs Sanderson , her heir , Luke has to be with him

Who are Theodora and Eleanor ?
They are Dr. Markway s assistants .
A psychic and a woman whom experienced poltergeist activity as a child

What happens to Theo and Eleanor their first night at Hill House ?
They hear lots of loud banging sounds as well as a young girl laughing .
Banging on the door and a girl laughing

How does Eleanor feel after this first night ?
An affinity with Hill House !
She feels tentative affinity for the house .

What is it that the team discovers after a second night of loud noises that makes Eleanor so upset ?
Words on the wall , HELP ELEANOR , COME HOME
Writing on the wall

Why did Markway s wife come to Hill House ?
To warn him about a reporter that had learned of his investigation .
to warn her husband

Who vanished only to reappear again , and where , startling Eleanor so bad she almost fell to her death ?
Grace reappeared at the top of the stairs where Eleanor had gone .
Grace

What happens to Eleanor when she finally leaves Hill House ?
She crashes her car into the same tree that the first Mrs. Crain crashed into , and dies .
She is killed

Who constructed the Old Hill House and why ?
The Old Hill House was constructed by Hugh Crain as a home to his wife .
Hugh Crain who built it as a home for his wife

How did Crain s daughter Abigail die ?
She died calling for her nurse-companion .
died in her nursery , calling out for her nurse-companion

Who inherited the Old Hill House after the nurse companion s death ?
The house was inherited by Mrs.Sanderson upon the nurse companion s death .
Mrs. Sanderson

What condition did Mrs.Sanderson put forth before granting Markway a lease to the mansion ?
The condition was that Markway takes Luke Sanderson . Mrs.Sanderson s heir , with him .
He had to take Luke with him

Why was Markway interested in the mansion ?
Markway was interested in the mansion because it was said to be haunted and he wanted to study the apparent paranormal activity .
To study paranormal activity

Who were Markway s companions he chose to accompany him into the mansion ?
A psychic named Theodora and the meek Eleanor Lance who experienced poltergeist activity as a child .
a psychic , Theodora , and Eleanor Lance

What were the words written on the wall that Markway and his team found ?
The words were HELP , ELEANOR , COME HOME ' .
HELP , ELEANOR , COME HOME

Why did Grace arrive at the Hill house ?
Grace arrived at the house to warn Dr.Markway that a reported has learned about his investigation in the house .
To warn her husband .

What caused Eleanor s mental instability to worsen ?
The overall experiences at the house caused Eleanor s mental instability to worsen .
The spell of the house

How did Eleanor die ?
Eleanor died by crashing into a tree while driving of in a car .
She crashes into a tree

What does Dr. John Marway want to study at Hill House ?
Paranormal activity .
The paranormal activity

How old is Hill House ?
90 years .
90 years old

What are the first names of the people joining Dr. Markway at Hill House ?
Eleanor , Theo and Luke .
Theodora and Eleanor

Who was the original owner of Hill House ?
Hugh Crain .
Hugh Crain

In what room does Dr Markway s wife sleep when she visits Hill House ?
The nursery .
The Nursery

What object takes the life of both Eleanor and the first Mrs. Crain ?
A tree .
Tree

Why was Theo chosen to join Dr. Markway s study ?
She is a pyschic .
She is a psychic .

What message did the group find written on a wall ?
Help , Eleanor . Come Home .
HELP , ELEANOR , COME HOME

Who was supposed to accompany Eleanor as she drove away from Hill House ?
Luke .
Luke

How did Hugh Crane s wife die ?
She died in a carriage accident on the way to see their new house .
Carriage crash

How did Crane s second wife die ?
She died from falling down the stairs .
fall down the stairs

Who is the narrator of this story ?
Dr. John Markway is the narrator .
Markway

What is Dr. John Markway s interest in the 90 year old Hill House ?
He wants to investigate paranormal activity that has been experienced there .
paranormal activity

What does Dr. Markway think caused Eleanor s car crash that killed her ?
He thinks that something paranormal was in the card with Eleanor .
something in the car

What happened to Grace after staying the night in the nursery ?
She disappeared and was nowhere to be found .
she disappeared

Where did Grace wake up after falling asleep in the bed ?
She woke up on the couch .
Behind a trap door

What caused Eleanor to fall down the stairs ?
Grace appeared all of a sudden a trap door at the top and scared her .
Grace s unexpected appearance at a trap door near the top of the staircase

What disturbance was experienced by the group in the living room ?
There was a loud banging that moved across the walls toward the nursery .
An unseen force and loud banging noises .

Why is Dr. Markway concerned with Eleanor s safety ?
He feels that the house is starting to affect her mind .
She is obsessed with the Hill House .

