What causes Josh Baskin to make the wish to be big in the first place ?
He tried to ride the Ring of Fire to impress Cynthia Benson and was told he was too short .
He is trying to impress a girl but is not tall enough to ride the Ring of Fire .

How does Billy Kopecki relate to Josh Baskin ?
They are best friends .
They are best friends

How does Josh convince Billy that he really Josh , even though he looks like a 30 year old man ?
He sings a rap that only Josh and Billy know .
He sings a rap that only they know .

How does being a child trapped in an adult body help Josh when he gets a job at the MacMillan Toy Company ?
He has childlike enthusiasm and special insight into current toys
he is genuinely able to enjoy and be excited by the toys , and can also easily think up ideas for new fun toys

How does Josh get promoted to Vice President in Charge of Production ?
by playing a duet of Chopsticks and Heart and Soul on a foot operated keyboard with the company s owner , Mr. Macmillan .
By impressing Mr. MacMillian with his insight into toys and his enthusiasm .

What happens between Josh and Billy as Josh begins to forget what it was like to be a kid ?
Josh gets too busy and does n't have time for Billy
Josh is too busy in his adult life to make time to hang out with Billy

What makes Josh want to be a kid again ?
He feels too pressured by the demands of his job .
He misses his old life .

What does Susan think when Josh tries to tell her he s really a child ?
She thinks he is afraid of commitment
He s afraid of commitment

What will Josh miss most about being an adult ?
Susan
Susan

Where does Josh find the Zoltar machine he needs for his wish ?
Sea Point Park
Sea Point Park

Why could n't Josh ride the Ring of Fire ?
He was too short .
He is too short

What did Josh wish for ?
He wished to be big .
To be big

Why was Josh spooked when the machine dispensed a card ?
The machine was unplugged .
Because it was unplugged .

What did Josh s mother think when he told her he magically grew older ?
She thought he was a stranger who had kidnapped him .
She thinks he s a stranger who kidnapped her son

How long was it going to take to find the machine to take the wish back ?
It would take a couple months .
A couple of months .

Where did Josh decide to get a job ?
He got a job at the MacMillan Toy Company .
MacMillian Toys

Who did Josh become romantically involved with while working at MacMillan ?
He dated Susan Lawrence .
Susan Lawerence

Where did the Zoltar machine turn back up again ?
It appeared at Sea Point Park .
Sea Point Park

Why did n't Susan want to become a little girl , and stay with Josh ?
She said being a child once was good enough for her .
Because once was enough .

How old is Josh Baskin ?
Twelve
12

Where does Josh reside ?
Cliffside Park , New Jersey
Cliffside Park , NJ

What is the name of the fortune teller machine that Josh uses ?
Zoltar Speaks
Zoltar

What has Josh been changed into ?
A Thirty year old man
a 30 year old man

How does Josh convince Billy of his identity ?
He sings a rap
He sings a rap that only they know

Where does Josh get a job ?
MacMillan Toy Company
MacMillan Toy Company

What does Josh get promoted to ?
Vice President of Production
Vice President in Charge of Production

Who does Josh begin to develop a romance with ?
Susan Lawrence
Susan Lawrence

Where is the Zoltar machine found at ?
Sea Point Park
Sea Point Park

Who becomes upset about Susan and Josh s relationship ?
Paul Davenport
Paul Davenport

