What product is Bob traveling to Japan to promote ?
Suntory Whisky
Suntory whisky

Why is Charlotte unsure of her relationship with her husband ?
She feels detached from his lifestyle and disillusioned about their relationship
She does n't feel connected to his lifestyle and she feels disillusioned .

Where do Bob and Charlotte finally encounter each other in the hotel ?
In the hotel bar
Hotel Bar

What are the intimate conversation topics Charlotte and Bob discuss as they become closer friends ?
Charlotte s personal troubles and Bob s married life
His marriage and her personal troubles .

What leads Charlotte to get into an argument with Bob over lunch ?
Charlotte finds out Bob slept with the bar s jazz singer
She knows he slept with the jazz singer .

What event at the hotel reunites Bob and Charlotte after their lunch argument ?
A fire alarm goes off
A fire alarm .

After the fire alarm goes off and Bob reconciles with Charlotte , where do they go together ?
To the hotel bar
The hotel bar .

When Bob is on his way to the airport , what causes him to get out of the cab ?
He sees Charlotte on the street
Bob sees Charlotte on the crowded street .

What happens during Charlotte and Bob s last encounter ?
Bob whispers something to her , and they kiss
Bob and Charlotte reconcile .

What is Charlotte s husband s profession ?
He is a Celebrity photographer
Celebrity photographer

Who is Bob Harris ?
An American movie star
A movie star

Why did Bob travel to Tokyo ?
To film an ad for Suntory whiskey
To film an advertisement for Suntory whiskey .

Who is a celebrity photographer ?
John
Charlotte s husband John

How long has Bob been married for ?
25 years
Twenty-five years

Where do Bob and Charlotte finally meet at ?
The hotel bar
The hotel bar .

Who does Bob end up sleeping with ?
A jazz singer from the hotel bar
The woman who is the jazz singer at the hotel bar .

How did Charlotte find out about the woman Bob had slept with ?
She went to his room to invite him to lunch and heard her
She hears the woman s voice

What event led Bob and Charlotte to reconcile their relationship ?
A fire alarm at the hotel
A fire alarm at the hotel .

Why is Bob leaving the hotel ?
He is going back home to the US
He is returning to the US .

Where does Bob see Charlotte for the last time ?
On the street while going to the airport
On the crowded street

In the story , how is Bob Harris described ?
Bob Harris is described as an aging American movie star .
He is an aging American movie actor .

What company is Bob Harris filming an advertisement for ?
He is filming and advertisement for Suntory whiskey .
Suntory

What is Charlotte s husband s name ?
Charlotte s husband is named John .
John

What does John do for a living ?
John is a celebrity photographer .
He is a celebrity photographer .

Where do Bob and Charlotte finally meet ?
Bob and Charlotte meet at the hotel bar .
At the hotel bar .

Who does Bob and Charlotte spend a night experiencing Tokyo with ?
Bob and Charlotte spend the night out with some of her local friends .
Charlotte s local friends

Who did Bob sleep with on his last night at the hotel ?
Bob slept with the female jazz singer from the bar ?
The hotel s jazz singer

How did Charlotte learn about Bob sleeping with the jazz singer ?
Charlotte overheard them talking when she was going to invite Bob to lunch .
She heard the woman in his room .

During what event did Bob and Charlotte make up ?
Bob and Charlotte made up during a fire alarm at the hotel .
During a fire alarm .

Where do Bob and Charlotte share their final goodbye ?
Bob and Charlotte share their final goodbye on a crowded street before Bob departs for America .
On a crowded street .

