How long after the first lunar landing does the Ares land on Mars ?
Ten years .
Ten years .

What does Jarvis do when his rocket crashes on Mars ?
He begins to walk back to the Ares rocket ship .
Starts to walk back

What is happening to Tweel when Jarvis first discovers him ?
Tweel is battling a large tentacled creature .
Was being attacked

How do Tweel and jarvis communicate ?
Tweel learns English .
Tweel learns some English

How are the pyramids in Xanthus created ?
They are created by a strange silica-based creature .
A creature swallows and unloads bricks

Where are the cart creature going to ?
A tunnel leading to an underground wheel ?
The city

What is Jarvis really seeing when he sees Fancy Long ?
Tweel explains that Long is really a dangerous creature known as a dream beast .
A dream-beast

What does Jarvis speculate about the crystal beyond the wheel ?
The crystal emits a form of radiation that destroys unhealty tissue , but does not harm what is healthy .
It emits radiation

Who resuces Jarvis from his battle with the cart creatures ?
His fellow astronauts in an auxillary rocket .
A rocket from the Ares

What does Jarvis admit when Captain Harrison says he wishes he had the crystal ?
Jarvis shows his comrades that he has stolen the crystal and brought it with him .
He stole the crystal

What is the name of the ship that landed on Mars ?
Ares
Ares

What is the name of the American chemist aboard the ship ?
Dick Jarvis
Dick jarvis .

What is the name of the birdlike animal that Jarvis rescues ?
Tweel
Tweel

Who is the person Jarvis thinks he sees when he is feeling homesick for New York City ?
Fancy Long
Fancy Long .

What is the name for the creature that causes people to see illusions to lure it as prey ?
dream-beast
The dream beast

What does the barrel-like creature do ?
repeats words said by others
Pushes a cart .

What happens to Jarvis when he approaches the shining crystal on the pedestal ?
He feel sa tingling in his hands and face and a wart falls off his hand .
His body tingles and a wart falls off .

What starts attacking Tweel and Jarvis ?
the cart creatures
Cart Creatures .

What saves Tweel and Jarvis from facing death from the cart creatures ?
a rocket fired by Ares
An auxiliary rocket .

Why did the cart creatures attack Tweel and Jarvis ?
Jarvis took the healing crystal .
He took the healing crystal

Who was Dirk Jarvis ?
American chemist
American chemist

How many men travelled to Mars ?
Four men
Four .

Why did Dirk Jarvis went outside the Ares ?
He went to photograph the landscape
To photograph the landscape

What did Jarvis did when his rocket broke down ?
He decided to walk back to Ares
He decided to walk back to his ship instead of waiting for help

What was name of creature Jarvis saved from the Martian ?
Tweel
Tweel .

Where was Jarvis got lost ?
Jarvis get lost in the network of tunnels
Ina network of tunnels .

What did cart creature did with their stones ?
They deposted the stones beneath a wheel
They grind them to dust under a big wheel .

What did the wheel do to the stones ?
The wheel grouded the stones to dust
Crush them into dust .

What did cart creture did to Jarvid and Tweel ?
They attacked them
Attacked them

What destroyed the cart creature ?
Auxiliary rocket from Ares .
The auxiliary rocket .

