What school did Godwin Peak win a scholarship to attend ?
Whitelaw College
Whitelaw College

What mortifies Godwin Peak ?
His uncle wants to open an eating house adjacent to the college .
Association with trade

How does Godwin Peak respond to his uncle s trade ?
He leaves the college rather than face score from his fellow students ?
He is disgusted .

What is Peak s decision to leave college indicative of ?
His social aspirations and snobbery .
His social aspirations and snobbery .

What does Godwin Peak pubish anonymously ?
A fierce critique of the Church of England and its views on Darwinism .
In London .

What declaration does Godwin make that is hypocritical ?
Declares himself a Christian .
that he is a Christian

Who is distrustrul of Godwin Peak after his declares himself to be Christian ?
Buckland Warricomb
Buckland

What about Sidwell is Peak interested in ?
Her beauty and social class .
Her social position and her looks .

Where is Godwin Peak a student ?
He is a student at Whitelaw College .
Whitelaw College .

Why does Godwin Peak leave the college ?
He does not want to be associated with trade or face scorn from his fellow classmates .
Because he is ashamed of his uncle .

What does Godwin write while he is in London ?
He writes an article against the Church of England and their view on Darwinism .
A critical article

Where does Godwin vacation after the article is published ?
He vacations in Exeter , where he meets with the Warricombe family .
The West Country .

Who does Godwin meet when his paths finally cross with Buckland ?
He meets Sidwell , a beautiful but religious women .
Sidwell .

Why does Buckland Warricome track down Godwin s friends ?
Because he distrusts Godwin s claims to be a Christian .
Buckland tries to track down Godwin s friends from London to figure out Godwin s motives

Why does n't Marcella stop Malkin from sharing Godwin s secret writing of the column to Buckland ?
Because it would help her to disrupt Godwin s relationship with Sidwell .
She wants to hamper Godwin and Sidwell s relationship .

What happens when Buckland shares Godwin s secret ?
Godwin is exposed as a hypocrite and fraud to Sidwell .
He leaves

What does Marcella Moxey leave Godwin ?
She leaves her wealth to Godwin after she dies when preventing a horse from being beaten .
Her money .

What happens when Godwin proposes to Sidwell ?
She rejects Godwin s hand in marriage .
She turns him down out of loyalty to her family .

Beside social aspirations , what else is indicative of Godwin Peak s ?
Snobbery .
Snobbery .

Once she dies , what does Marcella Moxey leave for Godwin Peak ?
Her considerable wealth .
Her wealth .

Who divulged Godwin Peak s secret ?
Buckland Warricomb .
Malkin .

What happens to Marcella Moxey as she tries to prevent a horse from being beaten ?
Marcella Moxey gets killed .
She is killed

How did Godwin Peak die ?
In Exile .
He catches malaria while touring Europe

Why did Godwin Peak decide to leave Exeter ?
Because of his hypocrisy was exposure .
He was exposed as a hypocrite .

Upon stopping in Exeter , who does Godwin Peak meet ?
The Buckland Warricomb s family .
Buckland

Whom did Godwin Peak have a love interest in instead of Marcella Moxey ?
Sidwell Warricomb .
Sidwell Warricombe .

Who was Marcella Moxey to Godwin Peak ?
Marcella Moxey had a long standing romantic crush on Godwin Peak .
Marcella is Godwin s friend s sister

Who is Godwin Peak ?
A star student at Whitelaw College .
He is a student at Whitelaw college

