Why does Apollo leave Admetus ' palace ?
Because Alcestis is about to die and he does n't want to be stained by the event .
to avoid being stained by the death of Aclestis

What is the mythical name of Death , according to the story ?
Thanatos
Thanatos

Why is the chorus in a state of suspense ?
Because they do n't know whether Alcestis has died or not .
They do n't know whether the queen is dead .

What does Alcestis request of Admetus in return for her sacrifice ?
That he will not marry another woman to take her place or ever forget her .
For him not to remarry , forget her , or have a stepmother raise her children .

What does Admetus promise to do for Alcestis besides the things she requests ?
He promises to live a life of solemnity and to never again partake in merrymaking .
Lead a solemn life and no merry-making .

What is the name of Admetus s old friend who comes just after Alcestis ' death ?
Heracles
Heracules

How does Heracles help Admetus to break his promise to Alcestis ?
He gets drunk and starts to make merry .
by merrymaking

What is Heracles ' prize for defeating Death in a competition ?
Bringing Alcestis back from the dead .
Alcestis is brought back to life

What does Alcestis have to do to be purified from being dead ?
She ca n't speak for three whole days .
Not speak for three days .

Who s prophesy did Heracles fulfil by rescuing Alcestis from Death ?
Apollo s
Apollo .

What is the title of Alcestis by her marriage to Admetus ?
Queen
queen

Why did Hercles decide to fight Thanatos for Alcestis ?
Hercles was embarrased by his ignorance of Alcestis s death .
He is embarrassed .

What did Alcestis make her husband promise at her death bed ?
never marry again , do n't forget her , do n't let stepmother be in charge of her children
Never to remarry , nor forget about her , nor place a stepmother in charge of their children .

How did coryphaeus find out about how Alcestis s is doing ?
maidservant told coryphaeus .
a maidservant tells them

Which god avoided becoming stained by death of Alcestis by leaving Admetus s palace ?
Apollo
Apollo

Who put up a defense for Alcestis to Thanatos ?
Apollo
The god Apollo

Who leads chorus of 15 men of Pherae ?
coryphaeus
the chorus leader

Who predicts arrival of a man who will rescue Alcestis from her death ?
Apollo
Apollo

Why Thanatos is angry with Apollo when they meet at Admetus s palace ?
Apollo saved Admetus from death that is Thanatos .
For killing Alcestis .

Who proclaims Apollo is a god of many words after encountering him at Admetus s palace ?
Thanatos
Thanatos .

The character , Admetus , who is his old friend ?
Heracles
Heracles

Death is dressed in black . His name is whom ?
Thanatos .
Thanatos

Alcestis asks what of Admetus ?
To not remarry .
that he never remarry

Complete the line : When goodness dies , what also happens ?
Good men suffer too .
all good men suffer , too .

Name the main god in the story s prologue ?
Apollo .
Admetus

What item does the god Apollo carry ?
A golden bow .
His golden bow

Who defeats Apollo ?
Thanatos .
Thanatos .

What emotion does Heracles experience ?
Embarassment .
Embarrassment .

How does Admetus break his promise to his wife ?
He does not refrain from merrymaking .
He has a party .

