What is Seth Bregman s occupation ?
Junior Risk Analyst
junior risk analyst

What does Dale give Peter as he is being escorted out ?
A USB with a project Dale was working on .
usb stick

What percentage are the firm s assets set to decrease by ?
25 %
93 %

What is Cohen s plan to prevent the company from losing money ?
To quickly sell all the company s bad assets .
quickly sell toxic assets before the marketplace realizes they are worthless

Which employees knew this financial crisis was going to happen ?
Robertson , Cohen and Tuld
peter and dale

How will selling bad assets hurt the employees ?
It will damage all their business relationships .
it destroy s relationships

What does the human resources team do after trading closes for the day ?
They begin to layoff employees .
they begin another round of lay-offs

What does Tuld promise Rogers if he stays with the company ?
Money to be made from the crisis .
that a lot of money will be made from the coming crisis

What does Rogers bury in his ex-wife s lawn ?
His dead dog .
his dog

What does Dale give Peter as he s being escorted out of the building ?
A USB stick .
a USB memory stick

What is on the USB stick Dale gives Peter ?
A project Dale had been working on .
a project that he had been working on

What does the firm try to sell off quickly ?
Toxic assets .
toxic asset s

Who will learn of the firm s selling of toxic assets ?
Their customers .
customers

What was Dale bribed with to come back into the office ?
A generous fee and having his severance package threatened .
generous fee & threat of revoking severance package

Whose resignation is offered up to be the scapegoat ?
Robertson s .
Robertson s

Who is offered a lot of money for staying at the firm for another two years ?
Rogers .
rogers

Who is being promoted ?
Sullivan .
Sullivan

Why is Roger s burying at the end of the story ?
His dead dog .
Question worded oddly - but Roger is burying his dog that has died of cancer

What is Eric Dale s position at the firm when he is fired ?
Head of Risk Management
Head of risk management

What does Eric Dale give Peter Sullivan before Eric leaves ?
A flash drive
a USB stick containing a project that he had been working on before being laid off

How much can the firm s assets go down before it loses everything ?
25 %
25 %

What does Sam Rogers promise as a reward for his traders ?
Seven-figure bonuses
seven figure bonuses

What does John Tuld persuade Sam Rogers to do after the fire sale ?
Stay with the firm two more years
stay at the firm for another 2 years

What does Sam Rogers do at his ex-wife house ?
Bury their dog
bury his dog

What fact does Sam s ex-wife remind Sam of ?
That he does n't live there anymore
he does n't live at the house any more

What are Robertson and Dale paid to do the day of the fire sale ?
They are paid to do nothing .
nothing

What does Human Resources do after the fire sale ?
Begin another round of mass layoffs
they begin another round of layoffs

What is Seth Bregman s job title ?
Junior Risk Analyst
Junior risk Analyst

