Why does Frye Attack Hilary ?
He has been killing woman that he thinks are possessed by spirit of his dead mother . He believes Hilary is the host .
he thinks she is possessed by the spirit of his dead mother

What does Hilary do for a living ?
She is a screenwriter
She is a screenwriter

What were the names of Katherine s twins ?
They were both named Bruno
Bruno Frye

What about the birth of her sons disturbed Katherine ?
They were both born with Cauls on their heads which led her to believe they were demons
They were both born with cauls on their face .

How did Hilary meet Bruno Frye ?
She visited a vineyard that he owned
She visited his vineyard in Napa Valley .

Who is Clemenza ?
A Detective that investigates Frye
Clemenza is the detective investigating the case

What does Frye try to do Hilary first ?
He breaks into her home and tries to rape her .
rape her

What is the relationship between Hilary and Clemenza ?
They start out by investigating Frye , but they eventually begin a romantic relationship .
Romantic

What is on Frye s Psychologist s tape recording ?
That Frye thinks that the twins with cauls over their faces are demons .
A session with Frye .

What does Hilary Thomas do for a living ?
She is a screenwriter .
She is a screenwriter

Why does Bruno Frye keep attacking Hilary ?
Frye believes that Hilary is possessed by his dead mother who has come back to torture him .
He ( they ) think that she is possessed by his dead mother s spirit

How is it possible for Frye to come back and attack Hilary after he was identified as dead in the morgue ?
Frye has an identical twin brother .
He is a twin

How do Hilary and Clemenza find out about Frye s twin brother ?
From Frye s psychologist .
a retired madam tells them the story of the twins ' birth

Why does Katherine abuse her twins and raise them as if they were one person ?
Because they were each born with a caul on their face , Katherine believed her twins were evil .
She thinks they are demons

Who does Hilary develop a romantic relationship with in the story ?
Clemenza .
Clemenza

What are the names of both the Frye twins ?
They are both named Bruno Frye and treated as one person .
Bruno

Where do Hilary and Clemenza come across Frye for the last time ?
In Bruno Frye s home .
at Frye s home

How does Frye respond to Hilary and Clemenza coming to his home ?
Frye attacks them .
He attacks them

How is the second Frye twin killed ?
He is killed during a struggle with Clemenza .
He is killed in a struggle with Clemenza

What is Hilary Thomas ' occupation ?
screenwriter
She is a screenwriter

What is the name of Hilary s attacker ?
Bruno Frye
Bruno Frye

How did Hilary fend off her attacker the second time ?
Stabbing
She stabs him repeatedly

What is the name of the detective conducting the investigation ?
Detective Tony Clemenza
Clemenza

How many times was Hilary attacked it the story ?
Four
Four

Why was Frye killing women ?
He believed they were possessed by the spirit of his dead mother .
He thinks they are possessed

How was Frye able to continue attacking Hilary after he was found stabbed to death ?
He had an identical twin .
Frye was one of a pair of twins and one of them was still alive

What did it mean to be born with a caul on the face ?
It was the mark of a demon .
It was a mark of a demon .

What is the name of Bruno Frye s mother ?
Katherine .
Katherine

Who was Hilary Thomas in a romantic relationship with ?
Detective Tony Clemenza
Tony Clemenza , the detective

