Why is Pat in a mental health facility ?
Bipolar disorder .
He was in a mental health facility because he nearly beat a man to death .

Who does Pat meet at dinner ?
Tiffany .
Tiffany Maxwell .

What does Pat focus on ?
Getting Nikki back .
he focuses on the good things .

What does Pat and Tiffany practice ?
Dancing .
dancing

What does Pat believe the competition will do ?
It will show Nikki that he has changed .
That it will show Nikki how much progress she has made .

What does Tiffany do at the hotel bar ?
She starts drinking .
Starts drinking .

Who gets into a fight at the Eagles game ?
Pat .
Pat and some racist fans .

What is the fight about ?
Racist fans harrasing the Indian fans .
Racist fans harassing Indian fans .

What does Pat learn about Tiffany ?
She wrote Nikki s letter .
That she forged the letter to Nikki .

Who becomes a couple ?
Pat and Tiffany .
Pat and Tiffany

What was Pat treated for in the mental health facility ?
Bipolar disorder
bipolar disorder

What did Pat do to the man he found in the shower with Nikki ?
He nearly beat him to death .
He nearly beat him to death .

How was Tiffany trying to connect to Pat ?
By offering casual sex
She offered casual sex to him .

Tiffany will deliver a letter to Nikki under what condition ?
If Pat will practice dancing with her and join her in an upcoming dance competition .
If pat will dance with her .

Tiffany claimed that the Eagles do better when what ?
When she and Pat are together .
When her and Pat are together .

Who actually wrote Nikki s letter ?
Tiffany .
Tiffany .

Why was Nikki in the game ?
Ronnie and Veronica invited her so she could be reconciled with Pat .
Their friends invited her .

What did Patrizio do with the money he won ?
He opened up a restaurant .
Opens a restaurant .

What score did Pat and Tiffany have at the conclusion of their set ?
5 points .
a score of 5

Which team did the Eagles beat ?
The Dallas Cowboys .
The Dallas Cowboys .

Why was Pat away from home for several months ?
Pat was in a mental health clinic receiving treatment for bipolar disorder .
He was in a mental health facility .

When Pat returns home , what is the most important thing that he wishes to accomplish ?
Pat wants to get back together with his estranged wife Nikki .
He wants to get back with his ex-wife .

How does Pat meet Tiffany ?
He is having dinner with his friend Ronnie , and Tiffany is Ronnie s sister-in-law .
At a dinner with his friends .

How is Pat s father Patrizio trying to get together the money to open a restaurant ?
Patrizio is acting as a bookmaker .
Illegal bookmaking .

In order for Tiffany to deliver the letter he has written for his estranged wife , what does Pat have to do ?
Pat has to practice dancing with Tiffany .
practice dancing with Tiffany and be here partner for the dance competition

Why does Patrizio want Pat to attend an Eagles ' game ?
Patizio feels that Pat is a good-luck charm and hopes to win a lot of money from a bet on the game .
He believes it will help the Eagles win .

What incident keeps Pat from attending the Eagles ' game ?
Pat tries to intervene when racists harass Indian-American fans going into the game , and is arrested .
He got in a fight .

How does Patrizio propose to get back the money he lost on his first bet , and double it ?
If the Eagles win their next game AND Pat and Tiffany score at least a 5 out of 10 at their dance competition , Patrizio will get double his money .
He bets on another game and the dance competition .

What causes Tiffany to get drunk just before the important dance competition ?
Tiffany finds out that Nikki is in the audience .
She found out Nikki was in the audience .

What do Pat and Nikki do that shows they are serious about their relationship at the conclusion of the story ?
Pat and Nikki have removed their wedding bands .
They take off their wedding rings .

