Where do Withnail and Marwood reside ?
In Camden Town
In a flat in Camden Town .

Who is their only visitor ?
Danny
Local drug dealer Danny

What does Marwood realize about Monty s sexuality ?
Marwood realizes that Monty is homosexual
he s gay

Who has broken into the cottage where Marwood and Withnail are staying ?
Monty
monty

How does Marwood eventually end Monty s sexual advances on him ?
He convinces Monty that he and Withnail are in a committed relationship together
by saying he and Withnail are in a relationship

Why is Withnail pulled over by the police ?
Because he is speeding and driving recklessly
for drunk driving

What is Withnail arrested for ?
Driving under the influence
driving under the influence

When Withnail and Marwood arrive back home who is lodged at their house ?
Danny and Presuming Ed
Monty

What does Marwood learn from his agent ?
That he is up for a leading part in a play
that he got a leading role in a play

Why does the celebration stop when the guys are smoking a joint ?
Because Marwood finds out about an eviction notice
they get an eviction notice

What is the setting of this story ?
London during 1969
London

What does Withnail do in response to his paranoia ?
He climbs under the covers with Marwood .
He climbs in bed with Marwood .

Why is Monty flirting with Marwood ?
Withnail told Monty that Marwood was in the closet .
homosexual closet

What play does Withnail quote at the end ?
He quotes Hamlet .
Hamlet

Who is in the London flat when Marwood and Withnail returned from the cottage ?
Danny and Presuming Ed are in the flat .
Danny and Ed

Why is Withnail arrested ?
He is driving under the influence .
driving under the influence

What does Monty leave behind when he leaves the cottage ?
A note of apology wishing Marwood and Withnail happiness together .
an apology note

Who do Marwood and Withnail get into a fight with before they leave for their trip ?
An Irishman .
an Irishman

When does Marwood realize Monty is a homosexual ?
Marwood realizes Monty s orientation when visiting Monty s house in Chelsea .
when he comes on to him

What was the relationship between Withnail and Marwood ?
They were friend .
They are roommates and alcoholics .

Where did Withnail and Marwood lived ?
Camden Town
london

Who was Monty ?
Withnail Uncle ?
Withnail s uncle and a homosexual .

What was Withnail and Marwood profession ?
They were Actors
Unemployed actors

Who told Monty that Marwood was closeted homosexual ?
Withnail
Monty

Why did Monty stopped showing interest in Marwood ?
Marwood told Monty his in relationship with withnail .
Because he thinks Withnail and Marwood are together .

Why was Withnail arrested ?
Withnail was arrested for drunk driving
Withnail was arrested for driving under the influence .

What did Withnail and Marwood found at their flat when they got home ?
They found Danny and Ed squatting at the flat
local drug dealer Danny

Why did Marwood told Withnail at the Regent s Park ?
Marwood told Withnail he will miss him .
to have one last drink

What was Withnail was holding when he walked away at Regent s park ?
Bottle of wine .
A bottle of wine .

