What is the job of the main character , Sam Bell ?
He harvests helium-3 from moon rocks on the moon .
An automated lunar facility .

For how long is Sam supposed to be stationed on the moon ?
For 3 years .
three years

What is the subject of Sam s hallucinations ?
A teenage girl
A teenage girl

What is the name of the artificial intelligence that Sam is in contact with ?
GERTY
Gerty .

After the rover crash , Sam wakes up in the infirmary and persuades GERTY to let him out . What does Sam find out after he leaves the infirmary ?
He has a clone/doppelg채nger at the rover crash sight
He has been cloned .

What does Sam discover after finding his clone and confronting GERTY about it ?
That he and his clone are both clones of the original Sam Bell and that there are hundreds of more clones .
That he is a clone of the original Sam .

What does Sam discover after attempting to contact his wife , Tess , and child , Eve , on Earth ?
That his daughter is now 15 and his wife has died .
That Tess died .

What happens to the clones at the end of the 3-year work contract ?
They die , or break down , and are replaced by a new clone
Chronic communications problems .

When it is discovered that a rescue team is coming to kill the two Sam clones , what is their solution ?
The older Sam decides to die near the original rover crash to distract the rescue team , while the younger Sam travels back to Earth in a helium-3 transport
revive a clone to greet them

When the younger Sam clone arrives on Earth and exposes Lunar Industries ' actions , what happens to the company s reputation- namely their stock ?
They are caught in controversy and their stock crashes .
their stock values plummet

What does Sam hallucinate about ?
A teenage girl .
a teenage girl

How does Sam persuade GERTY to let him outside ?
He manufactures a fake problem .
A fake problem

What do the two Sams think will happen if they are found together ?
They will be killed .
They will be killed .

What clone greets the rescuers ?
The seventh .
a seventh clone

What happens to the clones after the three year contract ?
They expire .
limited communications or killed

Why is Lunar Industries using clones of Sam Bell ?
To avoid costs of new astronauts .
to avoid the cost of new astronauts

What year does this story take place ?
2035
Sarang Station

Who is Eve ?
Sam Bells daughter .
Sam and Tess ' daughter

Who is Tess ?
Sam Bells wife .
Sam s wife

Who is Sam Bell s artificial intelligence companion ?
GERTY .
Gerty

What does Lunar Industries mine on the moon ?
Helium-3
alternative fuel helium 3 Moon rocks

How long was Sam Bell s contract to work on the moon ?
3 years
3 years

What does Sam hallucinate 3 weeks before he was scheduled to leave the moon ?
A teenage girl
a teenage girl

How does Sam get GERTY to allow him outside after the accident ?
He pretends there is a problem with the equipment
he persuades him

Who does Sam find in the crashed Rover ?
Sam finds his doppelganger .
His clone .

What is the content of the secret vault Sam finds on Sarang station ?
Hundreds of Sam Bell clones .
hundreds of hibernating clones

What does Eve tell Sam when he calls her ?
That Sam died many years ago .
that Tess died many years ago

What does Sam expect when the rescue team arrives ?
That the rescue team will kill him .
They will kill him .

Why does the younger Sam reboot GERTY ?
To wipe GERTY s memory .
to wipe clean its record of events

What happens to Lunar Industries after Sam returns to Earth ?
It s stock price plummets .
the stock collapses

