What major event took place during this story ?
World War II
the Italian Campaign of World War II

Whom was the critically burned man ?
Count Laszlo de Armasy
Almasy

What was the profession of the man who had a love affair with Hana ?
Sikh sapper
Sikh sapper in the British Army

Who rescued Count Almasy ?
A bedouin
A Bedouin

Why was Katherine injured ?
Attempted murder suicide by her husband .
an attempted murder suicide by Geoffrey

Why was Count Almasy in the Sahara ?
He was making a map of it .
Mapping

Who did Almasy work for ?
The Royal Geographical Society
Royal Geographical Society

Where did Maddox leave his Tiger Moth Plane ?
Kufra oasis
Kufra Oasis

What did Almasy ask of Hana after relating his story ?
A lethal dose of morphine
dose morphine

What were the last words Almasy heard before he died ?
Katharine s journal entries .
Katherine s final journal enteries

What is the name of the critically burned English man ?
Count Laszlo de Almasy
His name is Laszlo de Almasy

Who joined the Count on his expedition to the Sahara ?
Peter Madox , Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton , and others
Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton

Why did the explorers have to cease their expedition ?
They had to stop due to the onset of the war .
the start of World War II

What did Geoffrey do after Almasy had an affair with Katherine ?
Attempted to kill himself and Almasy by crashing his plane .
Attempts to crash his plane into Almasy in a murder-suicide

Who was injured by the plane crash ?
Geoffrey was killed and Katherine was seriously injured .
Katherine

How did Almasy know about the cave he took Katherine to ?
It was the last point his expedition reached before they had to stop .
found it while exploring the desert of Libya

Where was Almasy detained ?
El Tag .
on a train

How did the man get burned ?
He was shot down by German anti-aircraft guns .
a plane crashed

What does the man ask Hana for after he finishes his tale ?
A lethal dose of morphine .
He asks Hana for a lethal dose of morphine .

Where was Hana working and living ?
In a bombed Italian monastery
bombed Italian monestary

Who has a love affair with Hana before leaving ?
Kip
Kip

What is the name of the critically burned man at the monastery ?
Count László de Almásy
the man s name is Count Laszlo de Almasy

Why were the explorers stopped from exploring the Cave of Swimmers ?
Because of the onset of war
Onset of the war

What desert was Almásy exploring in the late 1930s ?
The Sahara Desert
Libya

Where does Madox leave his Tiger Moth plane before returning to England ?
The Kufra oasis
He leaves his plane at Kufra oasis .

Who crashes the plane and is killed instantly ?
Geoffrey
Geoffrey

What does Almásy trade to the Germans for gasoline ?
The Geographical Society maps
the Geographical Society map

How does Almásy get back to the cave ?
By flying the Tiger Moth
He escapes from the train , trades his maps for gasoline , and flies Madox s plane back to the cave

What does Almásy ask Hana for after he has told the story ?
A shot of morphine
a lethal does of morphine

