What is the name of the remote resort Billy goes to ?
Baldpate
Baldpate Inn

What bet does Billy McGee make ?
write a 10,000 word story in 24 hours
Billy s wealthy friend bets Billy he can not write a 10,000 word story in 24 hours .

Why did Billy lock himself in the resort ?
To get his work done alone
To write his book .

How many groups of people appear to have keys ?
Seven groups of people
Seven

What job of the crooks did Billy foil that night ?
to steal money from the hotel safe
to steal money from the hotel safe

Who does Billy fall in love with that night ?
The reporter
Nobody , it is part of the story he made up .

What was the hotel safe money for ?
a city street railroad deal
a railroad deal

What does Billy realize about these characters just before midnight ?
They are actors hired to distract Billy
The characters are all ficticious .

Who won the bet ?
Billy won the bet
Billy McGee the novelist

How do the visitors fit into the story ?
They are all part of the story that Billy wrote
The visitors become the story , and in the end it is revealed that they were all made up .

What is the name of the Inn McGee stayed in ?
Baldpate Inn
Baldpate

Where were the crooks trying to steal money from ?
The hotel safe
hotel safe

What is the name of the main character in the story ?
Bill McGee
Billy McGee

What did Bill have to write in 24 hours ?
A 10,000 word story
A 10,000 word story within 24 hours

Who did Bill fall in love with ?
The reporter girl
the reporter

What kind of policeman stayed in the inn ?
A crooked policeman
in the story that Billy wrote there was a crooked cop .

What was the money in the safe for ?
A city street railroad deal
A street raidroad deal

What time of year did McGee go to the summer mountain resort ?
In the dead of winter
the dead of winter

What kind of friend did McGee make the bet with ?
A wealthy friend
A friend who was wealthy

What was wrong with the politician in the story ?
He was corrupt
They re corrupt

Why does Billy believe that there are seven keys to Baldpate Inn ?
Billy is interrupted there by a number of different people over the 24 hours he is there .
People keep coming in .

Why is it unlikely that Billy will be interrupted at the Baldpate ?
It is a summer resort that Billy is visiting in winter and to which he has the only key .
It s winter and the Inn is empty .

What does Billy s friend do so that Billy does not win the bet ?
The friend hires a bunch of actors to disturb Billy and keep him from writing .
hire actors

What bet do Billy and his friend make ?
The friend bets Billy that Billy can not write a 10,000 word story in 24 hours .
The bet is that Billy can not write a 10,000 word story within 24 hours

What does Billy realize about all of the incidents that have taken place at the Inn and the people that he has met there ?
Billy has written stories with similar events and characters in the past .
they are just a story

Why does Billy get little writing done ?
Billy gets drawn into the events that occur at the Inn due to the other visitors .
he gets involved with the visitors

The money in the Inn s safe was to be used to do what ?
The money was supposed to be used for a city street railroad deal .
a city street railroad deal

What does Billy realize just before midnight after getting very little writing done ?
Billy figures out that everything that has taken place since he arrived at Baldpate was a set-up by his friend .
His friend has hire these people to distract him from writing .

Who ends up winning the bet ?
Billy wins the bet .
Billy McGee

What shocking fact does the viewer find out in the epilogue ?
The whole story about Billy being interrupted at the Inn by different people is actually the story Billy writes to win the bet .
That all the melodrama and high jinxs were part of the story and not real life

