Where did the bostonian return from ?
Dunnet , Maine
Boston

Why did she return to Maine ?
To finish writing her book .
to write

When returning to Maine , who does she settle in with ?
Almira Todd
Almira Todd

What does Almira do ?
She s an apothacary and herbalist .
apothecary and herbalist

What does the emppty schoo house have a view of ?
Dunnet Landing
Dunnet Landing

Who comes to the schoohouse to visit ?
Captain Littlepage
Captain Littlepage

How old is Captain Littlepage ?
80
80

What was Littlepage s job ?
sailor
retired sailor

How did she offenf Littlepage ?
displays of her boredom
By appearing bored when listing to his story

How often does her appreciation of the Maine coastal town increase ?
everyday
It increases each day

Why has the narrator traveled back to Dunnet , Maine ?
to finish writing her book
To find a place to write

When the narrator first arrives , what does she assist Mrs. Todd with ?
Mrs. Todd s frequent callers
The many people that come in

The narrator chooses to relocate to a schoolhouse . Why ?
Assisting Mrs. Todd became too distracting from her writing
So she can focus on her writing full-time .

How does the narrator react when Captain Littlepage visits the schoolhouse and shares a story about his time at sea ?
She becomes bored .
She is bored by one of his stories of the sea , which offends him .

What city does the narrator come from ?
Boston
Boston

What is Mrs. Todd s profession ?
Apothecary and herbalist
She writes books

How does the narrator offend Captain Littlepage ?
She s visibly bored as he tells his story .
By being bored with his story telling

What can the narrator see from the schoolhouse ?
Dunnet Landing
Dunnet Landing

By the time the story ends , how has the the relationship between the narrator and Mrs. Todd developed ?
Their relationship strengthens .
It has strengthened .

Which town does the narrator return to ?
Dunnet , Maine
Dunnet , Maine

Which building does the narrator rent ?
Old schoolhouse
and empty schoolhouse

Which event did the Captain go to ?
Funeral
A funeral

What does the Captain do when he notices the narrator s boredom ?
Begins to leave
He starts to leave but she asks him to continue with his story

What is Almira Todd considered ?
Local apothecary and herbalist
She is considered an apothecary .

Why does the narrator seek a room of her own ?
Helping Mrs. Todd with answering calls begins to be distracting to her writing .
Because her roommate Mrs Todd has too many callers and it distracts her from her writing

What story does the Captain tell the narrator ?
About his time on the sea
About his time on the sea

What is Almira Todd ?
A widow
Almira Todd is a widow and local apothecary and herbalist .

Why did the narrator return to Dunnet , Maine ?
To finish writing her book
Because he knows Almira Todd

Who does the narrator try to compare the Captains stories to ?
Mrs. Todd , Mrs. Todd s brother , Mrs. Todd s mother , and the residents of Dunnet
Mrs. Todd , Mrs.Todd s brother , and the other people of Dunnet

