What City is Mick from ?
He is from Chicago
Chicago

What type of facility was Mick sent to as punishment ?
He is sent to a Juvenile Correctional Facility
Mick is sent to a Juvenile Correction facility .

Who was killed during the botched robbery ?
Carl and Paco s Little brother were killed .
Carl

What does Paco do as revenge against Mick ?
He rapes Mick s girlfriend , J.C .
Paco gets his revenge by raping Mick s girlfriend .

What does Mick use to escape the prison ?
He uses a corrosive paste on the fence .
Corrosive paste

Who was sent to solitary confinement ?
Horowitz was sent to solitary confinement for the escape .
Horowitz

Who was Mick s partner during the robbery ?
Carl was Mick s partner .
Carl

What does Paco do to get Herrera ' attention before the brawl ?
He fakes a ruptured appendix .
Paco pretend to have a ruptured appendix .

Where does Ramon take Mick to try to stop him from a life of crime ?
He takes him to a maximum security prison .
To a maximum security prison .

Why were Mick and Paco in the same facility ?
Paco was arrested for rape and there were no other vacancies at other reform schools .
Paco arrest

What American city did Mick O'Brien come from ?
Chicago
Chicago

Who is Mick s best friend who is killed when Mick attempts to rip off Paco Moreno ?
Carl
Carl

Who does Mick accidentally kill when he is attempting to rip of Paco Moreno ?
Paco s brother
Paco s brother

How does Mick kill Paco Moreno s 8 year old brother ?
Accidentally runs over him .
He accidentally ran him over .

How does Mick meet Barry Horrowitz ?
They are cell mates at the Juvenile Detention Center .
cellmate

What did Barry Horrowitz do to get into the Juvenile Detention Center ?
Firebombed a bowling alley .
He plants a fertilizer bomb that detonated prematurely , injuring another inmate and not his intended target .

What does Paco do to get back at Mick for killing his little brother ?
Rapes Mick s girlfriend , J.C .
Paco rapes Mick s girlfriend , JC

Where does Mick go when he escapes the Juvenile Detention Center ?
His girlfriend s house . ( J.C . )
J.C. s house

When Paco gets placed into the same Juvenile Detention Center as Mick and Horrowitz , how does Horrowitz try to hurt Paco for Mick ?
Plants fertilizer into a radio in Paco s cell and it blows up .
He plants fetilizer in a radio .

Who is the guard that is most sympathetic to Paco ?
Ramon Herrera
Ramon Herrera

What is the name of the facility that Mick is sent to ?
Rainford Juvenile Correctional Facility .
Rainford Juvenile Correctional Facility

Why is Mick sent to Rainford ?
For accidentally killing a child .
Because he is not an adult .

What does Paco do to avenge his brother s death ?
He rapes Mick s girlfriend .
rapes Mick s girlfriend

How does Mick escape the correctional facility ?
Using a corrosive paste on the fence .
Mick escapes the facility by placing corrosive paste on the fences so they can be kicked open .

What is the name of Mick s cellmate ?
Horowitz .
Barry Horowitz

How does Horowitz attempt to injure Paco ?
By planting a bomb in his cell .
He plants fetilizer in a radio .

What guard takes Mick under his wing ?
Ramon Herrera
Ramon Herrera

What is Horowitz s punishment for making the bomb ?
He is put into solitary confinement .
Permanent solitary confinement .

How does Paco overcome the guard ?
He fakes a ruptured appendix .
Faking a ruptured appendix then ambushing

Who wins in the showdown between Mick and Paco ?
Mick .
Mick wins in the showdown between Mick and Paco .

