What is the occupation of the narratory of this story ?
An Editor
editor of a magazine

Where was Teufelsdrockh left as a baby ?
on a doorstep in a basket
the house of a couple with no children

What kind of a job does Teufelsdrockh get ?
a teaching position
a teaching position

Why does Teufelsdrockh abandon his teaching position ?
To persue a woman
To pursue Blumine

What is the Editor trying to do throughout the story that makes him contact Teufelsdrockh ?
Write a review
understand his philosophy

Why does the Editor send a request to get biographical information from Teufelsdrockh ?
to better understand Teufelsdrockh s story
He wants further information on the philosophy of the book

What does the Editor receive in response to his request for biographical information ?
several bags of paper scraps
several bags of paper scraps

Who does Teufelsdrockh see on the English countryside ?
His love interest and her new husband
Blumine and her new husband

In what country does the Editor work ?
England
England

In what country does Teufelsdrockh grow up ?
Germany
Germany

What is the name of the novel submitted to the Editor ?
Clothes , Their Origin and Influence
Clothes , Their Origin and Influence

How does Teufelsdrockh respond to the Editor s request for more information ?
With several bags of paper scraps .
He sends bags of paper scraps

How did Teufelsdrockh come to live with his parents ?
He was left on their doorstep in a basket .
He was left on their doorstep in a basket .

What is the name of the town Teufelsdrockh grew up in ?
Entepful .
Entepful

What school did Teufelsdrockh attend ?
Hinterschlog Gymnasium .
Hinterschlag Gymnasium

What is the name of the woman Teufelsdrockh fell in love with ?
Blumine .
Blumine

Where does Teufelsdrockh go after Blumine leaves him ?
The European Countryside .
the European countryside

What school does Diogenes Teufelsdrockh teach at ?
Weissnichtwo University .
Weissnichtwo University

What does Teufelsdrockh a professor of ?
Things in General
things in general

What kind of literature does Teufelsdorckh write ?
He writes fictional perplexing literature .
Philosophy

What kind of childhood did Teufelsdorckh have ?
He was orphaned and left to be raised by people who had no children .
He has a good family , good education , but is bullied .

What did his father do for a living ?
His father was a police officer .
he was in the military

What was serious in Teufelsdorckhs life ?
His religious life as a child was serious .
Spiritual discipline

How was his school years ?
He was very bright and the teachers really liked him .
He was challenged intellectually by his school , but bullied by his peers

Why does he stop teaching ?
He falls in love with a woman and goes following after her .
To pursue Blumine

What happens with the woman ?
She turns him down and marries someone else .
She marries someone else

What makes Teufelsdorckh sad and aimless ?
He is miserable when he runs into the woman he lves with her new husband .
Seeing Blumine and Towgood on their honeymoon

What does the editor think of the literature ?
He feels that the literature is highly intense .
The editor is frustrated by the philosophy and wants to expose it as being outrageous .

What did the editor do with the second literary works ?
He sorted it out and made sense of it .
turns them into a more legible narrative

