When Bertie returns from Cannes , he is annoyed with his friends regarding Jeeves ; why ?
Because his friends have been taking advise from Jeeves rather from him ( Bertie )
Bertie is annoyed that his friends consider Jeeves to be more intelligent than Bertie .

Why does Aunt Dahlia demand that Bertie come to Brinkley court ?
To make a speech and present prizes to students at a local grammar school .
to make a speech and present prizes to students at the local grammar school

What is the name of Aunt Dahlia s magazine ?
Milady s Boudoir .
Milady s Boudoir .

After sending Gussie to Brinkley court in his stead , Bertie decides he has an obligation to come to Brinkley court to comfort his Aunt Dahlia regarding his cousin Angela . Why ?
Because his cousin Angela has broken her engagement to Tuppy Glossop .
Angela broke her engagement to Tuppy Glossop .

Who is Anatole ?
Aunt Dahlia s prized chef .
Aunt Dahlia s chef .

What has gotten Anatole so upset that he threatens to turn in his resignation ?
The return of plates of untasted food .
3 of the characters return untasted plates of food .

How much did Aunt Dahlia lose gambling at Cannes ?
500 pounds .
500 pounds

What advise did Bertie give to both Aunt Dahlia and Toppy to solve their problems ?
To pretend to lose their appetites through worry
He advises them both to pretend to have lost their appetite , through worry and heartbreak , in order to gain sympathy .

What causes Madeline to break off her engagement from Gussie ?
His getting drunk while giving a speech .
He delivers a drunken speech at the school .

Who did Gussie propose to when Madeline broke off their engagement and who did it upset ?
Gussie proposed to Angela to make Madeline jealous and Angela accepted to make Tuppy upset .
Angela . This upsets Tuppy .

Why does Bertie order Jeeves to stop giving Gussie advice ?
Because Bertie is annoyed that their friends think that Jeeves is smarter than Bertie .
He does n't like his friends believing Jeeves is smarter than him .

Who did Bertie send to Brinkley Court in his place ?
Bertie sent Gussie in his place .
Gussie .

Besides wooing Madeline , what will Gussie be forced to do at the Brinkley Court ?
Distributing school prizes .
Distribute the school prizes .

Where did Bertie o when Angela broke her engagement to Tuppy ?
Brinkley Court .
To Brinkley Court .

Why did Madeline say she could n't marry Bertie ?
She said she had already fallen in love with Gussie .
She has fallen in love with Gussie .

Why was Gussie afraid to propose even after knowing that Madeline loved him ?
He was shy .
He s too shy .

What did Bertie pour in Gussie s orange juice to help him overcome his shyness ?
Liqour .
Liquor

What did Madeline decide after Gussie s drunken speech ?
To break the engagement and marry Bertie .
To marry Bertie instead

Who did Gussie propose to in order in to upset Madeline ?
Angela .
Angela .

After noticing he is unable to cope , who did Bertie go to for advice ?
He went to Jeeves for advice .
Jeeves .

In whose company does Bertie spend several weeks in Cannes ?
Aunt Dahlia and her daughter Angela
Aunt Dahlia and Angela .

Who had been advising Gussie in Bertie s absence ?
Jeeves
Jeeves .

Why does Aunt Dahlia demand Bertie to come to Brinkley Court ?
To make a speech and present the school ; prizes to students .
to make a speech and present prizes to students at the local grammar school

Who does Bertie send to Brinkley Court in his place ?
Gussie
Gussie

Why does Bertie feel obliged to go to Brinkley Court ?
To comfort Aunt Dahlia
to comfort Aunt Dahlia after Angela breaks her engagement to Tuppy

What is Aunt Dahlia worried about apart from Angela s broken engagement ?
Loss of 500 pounds in gambling at Cannes , which she needs her husband to replace .
Losing 500 pounds

What does Bertie advise Aunt Dahlia to do to arouse Uncle Tom s concern about her ?
Bertie advises Aunt Dahlia to pretend to have lost her appetite through worry .
Pretend to lose her appetite .

Why does Madeline tell Bertie that she can not marry him ?
Because she is in love with Gussie
She s in love with Gussie .

What does Bertie do to embolden Gussie ?
Bertie adds liquor to Gussie s orange juice .
Laces his orange juice with liquor

Who does Bertie turn to , at the middle of all the chaos , in the end to resolve all the problems ?
Jeeves
Jeeves

