Where did Duroy join the military ?
In Algeria .
Algeria

Who helped Duroy write his first articles ?
Madeleine .
Madeleine

What does Duroy have with Mme Walter ?
An affair .
an affair

How many years was Duroy in the Algerian military ?
Three years .
Three .

How does Georges sign his articles ?
Under the name Du Roy .
Du Roy .

When does Duroy ask Madeleine to marry him ?
After Forestier dies .
After her husband Forestieur passes .

Who was Mme Walter married to ?
The owner of the newspaper .
The owner of the newspaper .

Why did Duroy take the police to a flat ?
To catch Mme Walter having an affair .
To catch his wife in the act of adultery

In what northern African country did George Duroy spend three years in the military ?
Algeria
Algeria

What profession does Duroy take up after having worked as a clerk ?
Journalist
Journalist

What is the name of the person who helped Duroy write his first articles ?
Madeleine
Madeleine Forestier .

Charles Forestier travels to the south of what country to european regain his health ?
France
He Travels to the South of France .

What does Duroy begin to spell his name Du Roy ?
Because it brought prestige to his name , as it was the aristocratic spelling
it s an aristocratic French spelling of his name

What is the name of the woman Duroy has an affair with ?
Mme Walter
mme walter

Who does Duroy plan an elopement with ?
His chiefs ' daughter
His chief s daughter .

What punishable crime is committed in the story ?
adultery
Adultery

Why does Duroy bring the police to see his wife commit adultery ?
So that he has a rightful reason to divorce her
so they can be witnesses for his divorce .

Based on the end of the story , what is likely to become of Duroy and Mme de Marelle s relationship ?
They will continue a sexual affair
They will continue their affair

What did Georges Duroy do in Algeria ?
He was in the military service for three years will in Algeria .
he was in the military

What eventually allows Duroy to become a journalist ?
He encounters his former comrade Forestier .
When Forestier enables him to become one .

Why does Charles Forestier travel to South France ?
His health is declining and travels there to regain his health .
To regain his health

What do Duroy and Madeleine do after Charles ' death ?
Duroy asks Madeleing to marry him and after a few weeks , they get married .
marry

What do Duroy s colleagues do that drive him mad ?
His colleagues call him Madeleine after discovering that his articles were written by Madeleine .
They ridicule him for having his wife s help in writing his articles .

What does Duroy do to make himself feel better about his jealousy towards Madeleine ?
She has an affair with the wife of the newspaper owner , Mme Walter .
He begins an affair with Mme Walter

How does Duroy catch Madeleine having an affair ?
He takes the police superintendent and a few other officers to a house where Madeleine is meeting her lover .
Du Roy uses the Police Superintendent to catch her act with Monsieur Laroche-Mathieu , her Lover .

Why did Duroy want to catch Madeleine having an affair ?
So that he could use the police as witness to facilitate a divorce between them .
To facsilitate his divorce .

How does Duroy continue to gain power in the last chapters ?
He uses the infatuation of his chief s daughter to marry her .
He marries the chief s daughter .

What does Mme de Marelle tell Duroy at the wedding ceremony ?
She tells him that she has forgiven him for the new marriage , but that their intimate meetings can still continue .
She wishes him all the best , and is open to renewing their affair .

