What does the crab find while out walking ?
A ball of rice .
a rice ball

What does the crab trade the rice ball for ?
A persimmon seed .
Persimmon seed

What does the monkey do when he climbs the persimmon tree to pick the fruit ?
He gorges himself on the fruit .
eats all the fruit

What does the monkey do when the crab complains that he is not sharing the persimmon fruit with her ?
The monkey throws unripe , hard fruit at the crab .
The monkey throws hard , ripe fruit at the crab .

Who seeks revenge on the monkey for killing the crab ?
The crab s children .
The crabs children .

Where does the chestnut hide when they go to the monkey s house for revenge ?
The chestnut hides on the monkey s hearth .
the hearth

Where does the bee hide when they go to the monkey s house for revenge ?
The bee hides in the water pail .
Water pail

Where does the cow pie hide when they go to the monkey s house for revenge ?
The cow pie hides on the dirt floor .
The dirt

How does the monkey die ?
The usu kills the monkey by falling on him from the roof of the monkey s house .
The usu falls from the roof and kills the monkey .

What does the bee do when the monkey tries to soothe his burns at his water bucket ?
The bee stings the monkey .
The bee stings him .

What does the monkey give the crap in exchange for her rice ball ?
The monkey gives the crab a persimmon seed .
Persimmon seed

How does the crab feel about the persimmon seed ?
The crab is upset at first but , realizes the seed produces a tree which supplies plenty of fruit ?
Upset

How does the monkey treat the crab after seeing the persimmon tree ?
The monkey is unkind and refuses to share any fruit with the crab .
he tricks her .

What do the crab s children do after the monkey kills her ?
The crab s children seek revenge against the monkey .
seek revenge

Who helps the young crabs get revenge against the monkey ?
A chestnut , a bee , an usu , and a cow pie all assist the crabs .
The crab s children

Who kills the monkey ?
The usu kills the monkey by landing on top of him .
Her children and their friends .

What words describe the monkey ?
The monkey is greedy , selfish , and lazy .
treacherous

What message does the story give about stealing ?
The message of the story is do n't steal because eventually you will get caught .
It is worng .

What does the monkey trade in exchange for the rice ball ?
A persimmon seed .
Persimmon seed

What happens when the crab plants the seed ?
A fruit tree grows .
A fruit tree grows

What does the Monkey throw at the crab ?
Unripe fruit .
Fruit

What does the crab do before she dies ?
Gives birth .
Give birth

What do the crabs children want from the monkey ?
They want revenge .
Revenge for tricking their parent

Who are the friends of the crab s children ?
The Chestnut , the Cowpie , an Usu and a Bee .
a chestnut , an usu , a bee , and a cowpie

Where does the Bee hide ?
In the water pail .
the water pail

What happens to the Monkey at the water pail ?
The Bee stings him .
The bee stings him .

Where does the Cowpie hide ?
On the dirt floor .
On the dirt floor

What happens after the Monkey trips on the Cowpie ?
The Usu falls on him .
The usu falls from the roof killing the Monkey .

