Why are Alec , Leslie , Kevin , Jules , and Kirby waiting at the hospital ?
they are waiting to hear how their friends Billy and Wendy are following a car accident
they are waiting to hear how billy and wendy are after a car accident

Who is Dale ?
a medical student who Kirby has had a crush on since college
A Medical Student

What does Alec confess to Kevin that happened while he was buying lingerie ?
he had sex with the saleswoman
he had sex with the saleswoman

When Billy and Wendy get drunk together what does Wendy shock Billy by admitting ?
that she is a virgin
she says she is a virgin

What does Jules admit to Leslie on Halloween at St. Elmo s Bar ?
that she is sleeping her boss who is married
She is having an affair with a married man .

Why is Billy thrown out of the bar on Halloween ?
he saw his wife with another man and began fighting him
He was thrown out for fighting .

Who is Mr. Kim ?
a rich Korean businessman who Kirby works for
A wealthy Korean businessman

What does Alec confess that makes Leslie angry ?
he tells everyone they are engaged , when she does n't think they are ready for that step
His infidelities

Why have Jules ' things been repossessed ?
she was fired from her job and ca n't pay her bills
She s been fired from her job and ca n't make her credit card payments .

What happens when Billy comes to Wendy s new place ?
he admits he s getting divorced and moving to New York , and they make love
they have sex

What kind of accident were Wendy and Billy in ?
A car accident
Car accident

What is the group s favorite college hangout ?
St Elmo s Bar
St. Elmo s Bar

At their apartment , what does Alec pressure Leslie to do ?
Marry him
He wants Leslie to marry him

While buying lingerie , who does Alec have sex with ?
The saleswoman
The saleswoman

What does Wendy reveal to Billy when they get drunk together ?
She is a virgin
she s a virgin

Who does Kirby take a job working for ?
Mr Kim
Mr. Kim

What do Alec and Leslie argue over ?
His infidelity
cheating

Why does Jules lock herself in her apartment ?
To freeze to death
she is trying to freeze to death

Why does the group decide to go to Houlihan s , instead of St Elmo s ?
Not so many kids
less kids there

What is the groups favourite college hangout ?
elmos bar is the favorite hangout of the group
St. Elmo s Bar

Who acuses kevin and for what ?
jules acuses kevin of being gay .
Jules accuses him of being gay

What did alec confesses to kevin ?
he confeses that while buying lingerie for Leslie he had sex with the sales women .
He had sex with the saleswoman at the lingerie store .

Who had a crush on billy ?
wendy had a crush on billy .
Wendy

Who does kirby see and the hospital ?
he meets dale who he has been attracted since college days .
Dale , a girl he liked .

Whom is the group waiting for in the hospital and What has happened to them ?
The group is waiting for wendy and billy because they met with a car accident .
wendy , billy , car accident

Where does kirby works ?
she works for mr kim who is a wealthy korean businessman .
Kirby works for Mr. Kim , a wealthy Korean businessman

Why did kirby stay at dales cottage ?
he stays at dales cottage because his car was stuck in snow .
His car was stuck in the snow .

What does wendy say when she meets her father ?
she says that she wants to be independent and move in to her place .
She wants to live on her own

Where did the group decide to go at the end ?
the group decided to go to a new place houlihans bar .
Houlihans

