When does Laura go off to boarding school ?
At the age of 12 .
Melbourne

Where did Laura go to boarding school ?
At the Presbyterian Ladies College in Melbourne , Victoria .
Presbyterian Ladies ' College

How does Mrs. Rambotham support her family ?
Through embroidery .
earnings from embroidery

Why is Laura often ridiculed by her peers ?
Because she comes from a poorer background .
She does not come from a wealthy family .

How does Laura convince herself that it was okay to cheat on an exam ?
By convincing herself that it was God s will .
God wanted her to

What is the main theme in the story ?
Conformity and the destruction of innocence .
Destruction of innocence

Before going to boarding school , what two things does Laura enjoy doing ?
Reading and creating romantic stories for the entertainment of her siblings .
She enjoys reading and inventing stories .

Why does Laura s mother have to work for a living ?
Because her father is dead .
The mother is a widow .

What was Laura s father s profession ?
A barrister .
barrister

How does the story end for Laura ?
It ends with Laura finally being freed of the restrictive boarding school .
She runs through a park , free at last .

What is the main character s full name ?
Laura Tweedle Rambotham
Ethel Florence Lindesay Richardson

How does Laura s mother earn money ?
From embroidery
She works for a living .

How old was Laura when she was sent off to school ?
12
12 .

Where was the boarding school that Laura went to ?
Melbourne
In Melbourne

Why was Laura ok with cheating on an exam ?
She thought it was God s will
She believes it s God s will

How can we characterize Laura as a child ?
Clever and highly imaginitve
She is clever , idealistic and strong minded .

What profession was the deceased husband of Laura s mother ?
A barrister
barristere

What are the main forces controlling the action in this story ?
Fear of judgement , desire to fit in , family embaressment , and the desire to better one s self
fear of being judged , not being able to fit in , and being an embarrassment to their family

How do the girls and teachers at the school come across ?
As self-serving and boorish
wealthy and vain

Where is the last place we see Laura ?
Running away from the school through a park
a park

What was the pen name of Ethel Florence Lindesay Richardson ?
Henry Handel Richardson
Henry Handel Richardson

How does Laura s mother support her family ?
She takes in embroidery jobs
embroidery

What is one of the controlling factors that cause the girls to act how the way they do ?
being afraid of other s judgement
desire to fit in

What kind of personality does the students , teachers , and eventually even Laura have at this school ?
they are selfish and rude
They are all self-serving and boorish .

Why does Laura think that cheating on a test is God s will ?
When she does n't get caught or punished , she decided that God had nothing to do with what she did..
God did not punish her .

What happens at school whenever Laura lets anything about their home life and family slip to the other girls at school ?
they are ridiculed
she suffers for it

How does Laura entertain her siblings while at home ?
she makes up crazy stories for them
She invents romantic stories to entertain her siblings

Where does Ethel Richardson attend school ?
Presbyterian Ladies ' College
Presbyterian Ladies ' College in Melbourne , Victoria

What ages does Ethel Richardson attend Presbyterian Ladies ' College ?
She attended school from the ages of 13 to 17
13 to 17

Why is the ruling theme to this story about the destruction of innocence ?
Laura must get over the shame of her mother working and learn to make fun of others for every little difference .
Because Laura succumbs to the attitudes around her .

