Why were the ship'spassenger s obese ?
Microgravity , and relying on automated crew and hoverchairs , caused them to be obese .
Microgravity and reliance on machines

What is the name of the lone surviving compacter left behind to clean up ?
WALL-E
Wall-E

What does GO-4 put the plant in and jettison it to try and destroy it ?
A self-destruct pod .
a self destruct pod

Who makes the evacuation starliners ?
Buy-N-Large
Buy-N-Large

What is Axiom concealed by ?
A nebula .
Nebula .

Who is the ship s current captain ?
McCrea .
McCrea .

Who is WALL-E infatuated with ?
EVE
Eve

What does WALL-E use to escape from the self-destruct pod ?
A fire extinguisher .
a fire extinguisher

How does EVE restore WALL-E s memory and personality in the end ?
An electrical fare-well kiss .
She does it with a kiss .

Where have the people of earth gone in 2805 ?
They have evacuated the planet .
They have gone with megacorporation Buy-N-Large starliners .

Why is Wall-E and those like him left behind when the earth is evacuated ?
To clean the trash up .
They are used as compactors to clean up .

Who is the current captain of the Axiom ?
Captain McCrea .
McCrea .

What do the ship s obese passenger s use to get around ?
Hoverchairs .
Hoverchairs

What s the name of the robot that arrives on earth and befriends Wall-E ?
EVE .
EVE

What s supposed to happen after the Axiom s Holo-Detector verifies the plant ?
The ship is supposed to return to earth so humans can re-populate it .
It will hyperjump back to eath

Why did BnL issue the No-Return Directive ?
They thought the planet could n't be saved .
Earth could not be saved from pollution

What does Wall-E use to propel himself through space after he escapes with the plant ?
A fire extinguisher .
A fire extinguisher .

What action from EVE manages to restore Wall-E s memory ?
A kiss .
an electrical farewell kiss

What does Wall-E find on earth that triggers EVE s arrival ?
A seedling .
a healthy seedling

What is the condition of Earth in 2085 ?
It is abandoned and covered in garbage .
Abandoned and largely contaminated by garbage .

What is BnL s solution to the conditions on Earth ?
It leaves WALL-E compactors to clean Earth .
a no-return directive

What happens when WALL-E shows the plant to EVE ?
EVE standbys and encapsulates it .
stands by and encapsulates the plant

What has happened to the ship s passengers ?
They have become obese because of the servants and microgravity .
They became overweight .

What does McCrea conclude after seeing EVE s recordings ?
McCrea concludes that they must go back to Earth and restore it .
To restore Earth

What does WALL-E mistaken the cleaning for ?
WALL-E mistakens the cleaning for torture and escapes .
torture

What does AUTO order GO-4 to do ?
He orders him to steal the plant .
AUTO order GO-4 to steal the plant .

Why was a no-return directive issued to autopilots ?
The directive was issued because BnL concluded that the planet could no longer be saved .
they thought earth could not be saved

What happens when EVE repairs WALL-E ?
WALL-E no longer has his memory and is in his default setting .
she kisses him and his memories are restored

What restores WALL-E s personality and memory ?
An electrical farewell kiss from EVE .
Eve

