Who is the father of Amadis ?
King Perion of Gaula
King Perion

For what reason did Amadis change his name and go mad ?
He was chastised by his lover Oriana
Because he is chastised by Oriana .

For what reason does Amadis exile himself from Britain ?
Oriana s father Lisuarte and Amadis have enmity between them .
Because he is forced to defer his marriage to Oriana

What are the words used to describe Amadis ?
Courteous , gentle , sensitive Christian , handsome , invincible .
Courteous , gentle and sensitive .

Who raises Amadis ?
Gandales the knight
The knight Gandeles

In the original Amadis , who kills Amadis ?
Espladian
Esplandian kills Amadis .

During his exile , Amadis goes by what title ?
The Kinight of the Green Sword
The Knight of the Green Sword .

What novel parodies the character of Amadis ?
Don Quixote
Don Quixote

Name a specific challenge that Amadis passes on the Insola Firme ?
Arch of Faithful Lovers
Passing through the Arch of Faithful Lovers .

What island is Amadis raised on ?
Scotland
He is raised in Scotland on the British Isles .

Who are the parents of Amadis ?
King Perion of Gaula and Eliseno of England
King Perion of Gaula and Elisena of England

Who raises Amadis after he was abandoned on a barge ?
The Knight Gandales in Scotland
A knight named Gandales .

Who ends up knighting Amadis ?
his father King Perion
King Perion .

Why does Oriana send a letter to Amadis yelling at him ?
She is jealous of the other princesses
Because she s jealous of a rival princess

What happens after Amadis changes his name to Beltenebros ?
He spends a long time on an island being crazy
He descends into madness

What happens when Oriana and Adamis finally make love ?
they have a son Esplandian
They have a son

Who is Leonorina ?
she is Espandian s future wife
The child-princess from Constantinople who eventually becomes Esplandian s wife

What is Amadis ' most famous battle ?
when he fights the giant Endriago who was created through incest , he expels a poisonous gas and is covered in scales
His battle with the giant , Endriago

What does Amadis spend ten years while in exile doing ?
he pretends to be the Knight of the Green Sword
He becomes a knight and fights battles to defend free love .

Who are Amadis s parents ?
King Perion of Gaula and Elisena of England
King Perion of Gaula and Elisena of England

Who raised Amadis ?
The knight Gandales
The knight Gandales raised Amadis .

Who sends their maid to retrieve Amadis from Pena Pobre ?
Oriana
Oriana .

Who does Amadis help repel invaders ?
Lisuarte
Oriana s father , Lisuarte

What does Desconocida mean ?
Unknown or unrecognized
Unknown or Unrecognized

Who are Esplandian s parents ?
Amadis and Oriana
Amadis and Oriana .

Why do Amadis and Oriana defer their marriage several years ?
Animosity between Amadis and Oriana s father Lisuarte
There is enmity between Amadis and Oriana s father , Lisurate .

Where was Amadis raised ?
Scotland
Scotland

Who protects Amadis from the evil wizard Arcalaus ?
Urganda la Desconocida
Urganda of Desconocida

Who is The Knight of the Green Sword ?
Amadis in disguise
Adamis

