What had happened to Clementine s family s wealth when she married Adam ?
Her family s wealth had been dissipated .
Her family had lost its wealth .

Where did Adam and Thaddee know each other from ?
They were in the army together .
The army .

Who manages Adam s fortune ?
Thaddee acts as Adam s general manager for his fortune .
Thaddee

Why does Thaddee invent a mistress for himself ?
Because he falls in love with Clementine .
He wants to preserve his friendship with Adam , and keep Clementine uninterested .

Why does Thaddee say that he is joining the army again ?
To get Malaga out of his mind .
He says he is joining the army to get Malaga out of his mind

Who rescues Clementine when she is seduced by a man ?
Thaddee does .
Paz

What did Thaddee do instead of rejoining the army ?
He stayed in Paris keeping an eye on his friends .
Stay in the shadows and take care of Clementine and Adam .

Was it proven that Adam and Malaga had an affair ?
It is not clear whether there was an affair or not .
No

What was the reason Thaddee invented his mistress ?
To discourage Clementine from being interested in him .
He wanted to keep Clementine from falling in love with him .

Who does Thaddee believe is capable of managing Adam s finances ?
Clementine
Clementine

Who comes from a rich and noble family ?
Clementine
Clementine

Who did Clementine marry ?
Court Laginsi
Count Laginski

What nationality is Court Laginski ?
Polish
Polish .

Who did Adam serve in the army with ?
Thaddee
Thaddee

Who does Clementine find attractive ?
Thaddee
Thadee

Who did Thaddee claim was his mistress ?
Malaga
Malaga

What does Thaddee have to give Malaga to make her play along with his lie ?
Money
money to take care of her keep ( needs ) ,

Who never left Paris ?
Paz
Paz

What was Thaddee s reason for making up Malaga ?
To preserve his friendship with Adam
He is in love with Clementine but does n't want to betray his friends , so he makes up Magala to discourage Clementine from taking an interest in him

Why did Thaddeus claim he needed to leave Paris for ?
He was going back to the army
to join the army and get Malaga out of his mind

What is the relationship between Adam and Thaddee ?
Close friends who served in the army together .
Close friends from the army .

Who is Malaga to Thaddee ?
An invented mistress .
His mistress

What does Thaddee claim is the reason for his rejoining the army ?
To forget Malaga .
to get Malaga out of his mind

Why does Thaddee track down Malaga ?
To pass her off as his mistress .
To make his story true in case Clementine or Adam investigate further .

What does Thaddee do that upsets Clementine ?
Fooling around with Malaga and borrowing money .
borrowing money , and keeping a mistress .

Where does the story take place ?
In Paris .
Paris

Who volunteered to look after Adam s affairs ?
Thaddee .
Thaddee

What best describes the character , Clementine ?
A descendant of Nobles with no inheritance .
She is a descendant of the aristocracy who marries a Count .

Where does Count Laginski come from ?
Poland .
Poland

