Whose autobiography does Al Stump ghostwrite ?
Ty Cobb
Ty Cobb

Why does Ty Cobb s home not have running water and electricity ?
He has fought with the utility companies .
he is fighting with the utility companies

Who does Ty Cobb abuse in the hotel ?
Ramona
A cigarette girl

Where do Stump and Cobb take a cross-country trip to ?
The Baseball Hall of Fame Museum in Cooperstown , New York
The Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , NY .

What state is Ty Cobb from ?
Georgia
Georgia

How many versions of the autobiography does Stump decide to write at first ?
Two
2

How does Cobb end up reading Stump s manuscript that was n't meant to be published ?
Stump passes out drunk
He finds it after Stump has passed out

What antagonistic action does Cobb pull in the hospital ?
He begins drawing guns on the hospital staff .
threatens doctors and nurses with a gun

How is Cobb nearly killed on the Donner Pass ?
A car accident
Reckless driving during a blizzard

Where does Cobb s car get towed to ?
Reno
Reno

What is Al Stump s job ?
He is an author .
Ghost writer

Who hired Al Stump to ghost write for them ?
Ty Cobb
Ty Cobbs

What is Cobb s personality like ?
He s very mean .
Antagonistic

What s wrong with Cobb s house ?
It has no power or running water .
It s without heat , water , and power

What haappens to Cobb on Donner Pass ?
He has a car accident during a blizzard .
He gets in a car accident

Where do Cobb and Stump decide to drive ?
They are going to the Baseball Hall of Fame .
Baseball Hall of Fame

Who does Cobb try to see in Georgia ?
He tries to see his estraged daughter .
His estranged daughter

How does Stump deal with his concerns about ghostwriting Cobb s story ?
He writes two different versions of the the biography .
He writes two stories .

Why does Cobb get angry with Stump ?
Cobb finds the notes to the negative version of his story while Stump is sleeping .
Cobb finds Stump s honest but cruel version of his biographyn

What makes Stump decide to submit the good version of Cobb s story ?
He feels both pity and respect for Cobb .
As Stump gains respect for Cobb he becomes conflicted in his feelings .

In what condition did Mr. Tyrus Raymond Ty Cobb keep his guns almost all the time ?
Fully loaded .
Loaded

Why was Al Stumps torn about this biography assignment about Mr. Cobb ?
Because Mr Cobb s personality was pretty aggressive and abusive .
Over time , having witnessed and been the victim of Cobb s abuse , he realized Cobb s true character .

Why was Mr. Cobb taken to the Hospital ?
Because he was coughing blood .
he began to cough up blood

What southern US State was Mr. Cobb native of ?
Georgia .
Georgia

What does Mr. Stump discover that he thought may have been partly at the source of Mr. Cobb s antagonistic personality ?
The tragic murder of his father .
His father s murder

What was Al Stumps hired as in 1960 ?
As an autobiography ghostwriter .
Ghost writer for Cobb s autobiography

How many biographies did the Mr. Stump write simultaneously ?
Two .
two

How did Mr. Cobb behave at the Hospital ?
He mistreated the medical team .
badly

At age 73 , what did Baseball player Tyrus Raymond Ty Cobb want to see happen before his death ?
An offical biography .
His autobiography published .

What was Al Stumps profession ?
Sportswriter .
Sportswriter

