In what location does the mysterious millionaire construct his house ?
Tamfield in Staffordshire .
Tamfield in Staffordshire

What was it that senior McIntyre lost ?
He lost his sanity .
money and his sanity

To whom is Hector engaged ?
He is engaged to Laura McIntyre .
Laura

What happens to Hector early on in the story ?
He is summoned to the Navy for duty .
Hector is summoned for navel duty .

What process allows Haw to have limitless funds ?
He is able to turn lead into gold .
He discovered a process that can turn lead into gold

What is it that causes Haw s disillusionment ?
His philanthropy has not helped the recipients become better citizens .
His philanthropic activities have no effect .

To whom does Haw become engaged ?
He becomes engaged to Laura .
Laura McIntyre

What causes Haw s heart to break ?
He discovers Laura is still engaged to Hector .
Laura and Hector s engagement causes Haw s heartbreak .

What is one thing Haw does immediately upon discovering the heartbreaking news ?
He locks himself in his laboratory .
He destroys his equipment .

What happens to Haw ?
Haw is found dead in his laboratory .
He locks himself in his laboratory and is found dead

How does Raffles Haw become a millionaire ?
He develops a process to turn lead into gold
He discovered a process to change lead to gold .

What does Raffles Haw think of McIntyre Senior ?
Raffles Haw thinks McIntyre Senior is a greedy beggar
He thinks McIntyre Senior is a beggar .

What happened to McIntyre Senior s business ?
It went bankrupt
It went bankrupt .

Where is Laura s fiancĂŠ Hector at the beginning of the story ?
He is on Naval duty
He is serving in the navy .

Who does Haw have help him to help the town residents ?
Robert and Laura McIntyre
Mr. Spurling and the McIntyre siblings

Why does Haw become upset with the town residents ?
They do n't improve themselves , preferring to beg
Most of the residents became reliant on his help instead of improving their situation

What happens when Hector returns from Naval duty ?
Haw finds out Laura did n't end her engagement with Hector
He reunites with Laura .

How does Haw react to finding out Laura is still engaged to Hector ?
He is heartbroken
poorly , he destroys his fortune and equipment

What does Haw do at the end of the story ?
He breaks the equipment to turn lead to gold , and locks himself in his lab where he dies
He locks himself in his lab , destroys his experiments and dies

Why do the townspeople gossip about Haw before he arrives in town ?
He s spending a lot of money building his house .
his house is being built with no regard to cost

What happens before Haw moves to Tamfield ?
he becomes the topic of gossip
People gossip about him .

How many people are in the McIntyre family ?
3
Three people make up the McIntyre family .

What did Laura s father sell ?
guns
Laura s father sold guns .

Who is the vicar s son engaged to in the story ?
Laura McIntyre
Laura McIntyre

Where does Haw s money come from , according to the story ?
he can turn lead into gold
He has limitless funds due to discovering a process that turns lead into gold

Why is Raffles discouraged from being generous ?
the people he gives money to do n't seem to improve
The people he helps become parasites

Which men did Laura agree to marry ?
Hector Spurling and Raffles Haw
Hector and Raffles

When did Haw destroy the equipment in his lab ?
after learning that Laura was engage to Hector and him
when his heart was broken

Where was Hector at the start of the story ?
on Naval duty
He was summoned to naval duty .

