What state does the story take place in ?
Connecticut
Connecticut

How do Adam and Barbara find out they are dead ?
They find The Handbook for the Recently Deceased .
They lack reflections and have a guidebook on being dead .

What is Lydia Deetz s hobby ?
Photography
Photography .

Who do Adam and Barbara hire to scare away the Deetz family ?
Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice

What happens when Otho summons Adam and Barbara ?
Their spirits start to decay and die .
the begin to decay

What does Beetlejuice want in exchange for saving Adam and Barbara ?
To marry Lydia
Marriage to Lydia

Who intervenes in the wedding ?
Adam and Barbara Maitland
The Maitlands .

Who does Beetlejuice antagonize in the waiting room ?
A witch doctor .
A witch doctor

What happens to Barbara and Adam on a drive home from town ?
They swerve to avoid hitting a dog and end up crashing in the river instead .
the crash their car and die

What do Barbara and Adam discover when they finally arrive home ?
That they no longer have reflections in the mirror .
they didnt survive

Who buys the Maitland s home , following them being deceased ?
The Deetz family .
the Deetz family : Charles , Delia and their daughter Lydia

What do the Maitlands find out in the Underworld ?
That they have to reside in their home for 125 years .
they have to stay in the house for 125 years

Who can see the Maitlands ?
The Deetzes daughter , Lydia .
Lydia .

Who do the Maitlands summon to help them ?
The ghost Beetlejuice , to help them scare the Deetzes away .
Beetlejuice

How do the Maitlands feel about Beetlejuice ?
They are offended by him and regret hiring him , but at that point it is too late .
they think he is crude and morbid

What happens when Charles pitches the supernatural happenings to his boss , Maxine ?
Maxine wants to turn the home and area into a tourist trap ?
Otho mistakenly performs an exorcism .

What happens when Otho tries to conduct a seance ?
He accidentally performs an exorcisim on Adam and Barbara to be seen by everyone , and they begin to die .
he conducts an exorcism by accident

What happens to Beetlejuice in the end ?
He gets devoured by a sandworm ridden by Barbara .
he is stuck in the waiting room and gets his head shrunk

In what State do the Maitland s have their country home ?
Conneticut
Connecticut

What do the Maitland s decide to spend their vacation doing ?
Decorate their country home
Decorating their home

What does Charles Deetz second wife do for a living ?
A sculptor
She is a sculptor .

Who is Charles Deetz second wife ?
Delia
Delia

Who buys the Maitland s country home ?
The Deetz family
the deetes

What happened to cause the disappearance Maitland s in the begininnig of the story ?
They died in a car accident
The car plunges into the river .

What is the name of the daughter of Charles ?
Lydia
Lydia .

Although invisible , who can see the Maitland s in death ?
Lydia
Lydia

What does Beetlejuice consider his own profession to be ?
Freelance bio-exorcist
Bio-exorcists .

Who is the character Beetlejuices antagonizes into shrinking his head ?
The witch doctor
Witch-doctor .

