What is the name of Ali s son ?
Sam
Sam is Ali s son .

Why does Ali suggest to Stephanie that they should make their relationship physically intimate ?
So he could help her accept her new body .
To help her adjust to her new body .

How did Ali break his hands ?
While breaking the ice on a lake to get Sam out of the water .
Trying to free Sam in the frozen lake .

Why does Ali s sister Anna get fired from her job ?
For stealing outdated food products .
She took home expired food

How did Anna get caught stealing food from her employer ?
Her place of employment had security cameras .
By camera s that Ali installed .

In what town is the training facility in which Ali goes to stay ?
Strasbourg .
Antibes .

When did Ali tell Stephanie that he loved her ?
While he was with Sam at the hospital .
After Sam s accident

Where does Ali win a great fight match while Stephanie is watching ?
Warsaw .
Warsaw

Why do Ali and Anna have a disagreement that ended with him moving out of her house ?
Because Ali installed the security cameras at her work which resulted in her getting fired .
Anna thinks Ali was behind her losing her job because he worked for the security company that caught her taking food home .

Where do Ali and Stephanie first meet ?
At the nightclub where Ali worked .
The nightclub Ali works at .

How does Ali meet Stephanie ?
He escorts her home after she is injured in a brawl .
At a bar Ali worked at .

What place of work is Stephanie injured in ?
A marine tourist park .
A nightclub .

What does Stephanie wake up to find ?
Her legs have both been amputated .
Her legs have been amputated .

What does Ali and Stephanie s relationship grow to contain ?
Casual sex .
casual sex

Why is Anna fired ?
Her managers find out she has been taking home expired food .
She was taking home expired food .

Where does Ali go when he loses touch with Stephanie ?
A combat sports training facility near Strasbourg .
A frozen lake .

What kind of accident does Sam have ?
He falls through the ice on a frozen lake .
He falls through ice into icy water .

Why does Ali not immediately realize Sam has fallen through ?
He was going to the bathroom .
Ali was distracted by sounds of nature .

How do Ali s hands get injured ?
He punches the ice to break through and save Sam .
He punched the ice

What does Ali tell Stephanie in the hospital ?
He tells her that he is in love with her .
His love for her .

Who is Sam ?
Alain s young son .
Ali s son .

Why is Stephanie depressed ?
Because she s a double-amputee in a wheelchair .
She suffers a tragic accident and is in a wheelchair .

How is Ali s hand injured ?
He punches through the ice to save Sam after he slipped through .
Trying to free Sam in the frozen lake .

Why does Ali offer to have sex with Stephanie ?
He says it will help her adjust to her new body .
To help her adjust to her new body .

Why does Anna blame Ali for her being terminated from her job ?
Images of her stealing expired food were caught on security cameras Ali helped to install .
Anna thinks Ali tipped off the company that installed the security cameras .

When does Ali lose contact with Stephanie ?
When he leaves to attend the combat sports training facility near Strasbourg .
After he has a standoff with Anna s partner and leaves .

How do Ali and Stephanie reconnect after Sams accident ?
He calls Stephanie from the hospital to profess his love for her .
Ali calls Stephanie on the phone .

What is Ali s true passion ?
Mixed martial arts fighting .
fighting

What do Ali and Stephanie do for one another in their symbiotic relationship ?
Ali serves as her sex partner and Stephanie manages Ali s bets for his own fights .
Stephanie manages Ali s bets for his fights .

Where did Ali and Stephanie first meet ?
She was injured inside the bar where he worked .
While working at a night club as a bouncer .

