Who offers to dance with Katie ?
the ship s captain
The ship s captain .

What does Jack tell the boat salvage crew ?
He tells them that there is a boat out in the water that can be claimed .
it can be claimed

Why is the boat able to be claimed by anyone ?
Because it is in International Waters .
The boat floats in international waters so it does n't belong to any one country .

What does the crew discover about the Antonia Graza when they prepare to tow it ?
That it contains a large amount of gold .
That it has a lot of gold onboard .

Who is killed when the tugboat explodes ?
Santos
Santos is killed .

What happens when Greer meets Francesca ?
She seduces him and leads him off a the ship and he dies .
seduces him and leads him to his death

What does the ghost of the ship s captain tell Captain Murphy ?
He tells him where the gold was recovered from and that there was another passenger .
That they rescued the gold , and a sole survivor , from a sinking cruise ship .

Who tells Epps what really happened on the Graza ?
Katie s ghost
Katie s ghost

Who was the mastermind behind all the murder s on the Graza ?
Jack Ferriman
Jack

Who finds Epps ?
A cruise ship
A cruise ship .

What is the name of the ship ?
Antonia Graza
The Antonia Graza

What happens to the dancers on the Antonia Graza ?
a wire zips across the dance floor and cuts everyone in half
They are sliced in half by a wire .

Why can the Antonia Graza be claimed by anyone who brings her into port ?
Because she is in international waters
It is in international waters .

What happens when they try to unload the gold from the Antonia Graza ?
The tugboat explodes as soon as the engine is started .
santos is killed

What happens as the crew begins repairing the Antonia Graza ?
The crew begins to be killed off one by one by the ghosts of the passengers
There are several supernatural events .

Who is Jack Ferriman ?
A demonic spirit , a salvager of souls
A demonic spirit .

What is Ferriman s plans for the Antonia Graza ?
to use it to lure people to their deaths so that he can collect their souls
to use it as a trap and keep collecting souls

How does Epps ruin Ferriman s plans ?
She sinks the Antonia Graza
sinks the garza

Who helps Epps escape the Antonia Graza as she begins to sink ?
Katie
Katie

What does Epps see from the back of the ambulance that has her screaming as the doors shut ?
She sees Ferriman loading crates of gold onto a cruiseship
Ferriman is loading the gold onto the cruise ship .

How is Santos killed ?
In a tugboat explosion .
By an engine explosion on a tugboat .

What is the name of the Italian oceanliner ?
Antonia Graza
The Antonia Graza .

What is the Arctic Warrior ?
An ocean salvage tugboat .
An ocean salvage tugboat .

What does the crew of the Arctic Warrior discover while towing the Antonia Garza ?
A large quantity of gold .
It contains a large amount of gold .

Why does the crew lock Murphy in the drained fish tank ?
They believe he s gone mad .
they think he has gone made

Who is Jack Ferriman ?
A demonic spirit .
He is a demonic spirit and the mastermind behind the massacre .

Who reveals what happened to the Graza ?
Katie s ghost .
Katie s ghost .

Why did Jack Ferriman lure the salvage team to the Graza ?
To fix the ship .
To repair it

What does Jack Ferriman plan to do once the Antonia Graza is repaired ?
He plans to use it to trap and collect souls .
use it as a trap

