What is the setting of the story Taking Sides ?
The setting of the film is Berlin
Berlin at the end of WWII .

What reason did a minister in Hitler s government give when he advise Furtwangler to go abroad ?
To escape the war
To escape the war .

What was Major Steve Arnold s task after the war ?
Investigating former suspected Nazis
Getting Furtwangler to his denazification hearing .

What was the result of Furtwangler s hearings ?
He was exonerated .
He was exonerated .

What was Wilhelm Furtwangler s occupation ?
He was a conductor
A musician/conductor .

What halted Furtwangler s conduction of Beethoven s 5th symphony ?
Allied bomb raid
A bomb raid .

What did Furtwangler do after shaking hands with the Propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels ?
He wipes his hands with a cloth
He wipes his hand with a cloth .

This story centers around what event in Wilhelm Furtwangler s life ?
His denazification hearings
Denazification hearings .

What military organization does the young Jewish liutenant who assists Arnold a part of ?
The Big Red One
The Big Red One .

General Wallace is a part of which military branch ?
The U.S. Army
red

What was Wilhelm Furtwangler s job in Nazi Germany ?
He was a conductor .
He was a conductor .

What piece of music was being performed just before Furtwangler was advised by a Nazi to leave the country ?
Beethoven s 5th Symphony
Beethoven s 5th symphony .

Which character was charged with the task of building a case for Furtwangler s guilt during the hearing ?
Major Steve Arnold
Major Steve Arnold

What was the result of the hearing against Wilhelm Furtwangler ?
He was exonerated .
He was exonerated .

What does footage of the real life Wilhelm Furtwangler show him doing after shaking the hand of Joseph Goebbels ?
Wiping off his hands
wiping his hand

What was the job title of the person who told Steve Arnold that Furtwangler was professionally jealous and a womanizer ?
Second violinist
Violinist .

Why did tension exist between Steve Arnold and the Lieutenant from The Big Red One ?
Because of the sympathy the Lieutenant felt for Furtwangler and the German clerk in their office .
Because of the Lieutenant s sympathy for the conductor and the young German girl .

Emmaline Straube s father died for his loyalty to what cause ?
The German Resistance
german

When was Furtwangler s recording of Bruckner s 7th Symphony aired via radio ?
After the death of Hitler
after Hitler s death

What stops Beethoven s 5th symphony performance ?
Allied bomb raid
Allied bomb raid .

What task was Major Steve Arnold given by the US Army General Wallace ?
getting Furtwangler/finding him guilty
Find Furtwangler guilty .

What is Furtwangler do on Hitler s birthday ?
play music
Played

When was Anton Bruckner s 7th Symphony played on the radio ?
After Hitler s death
After Hitler died .

What does the conductor do after shaking hand with a Nazi ?
Wiped his hands
wipes his hands with a cloth

What does Furtwangler do for a living ?
He is a conductor .
He is a symphony conductor .

What happened to Furtwangler and his charges that were pressed against him ?
he was exonerated
He was exonerated .

Who was Arnold in charge of investigating ?
former suspected Nazis
Former suspected Nazi s .

What does the minister in Hitler s government advice Furtwangler to do ?
go abroad and leave the war
Go abroad and escape the war .

