What role does Queen Guinevere play in the relationship between Alexander and Soredamors ?
Guinevere helps them to share their feelings .
Queen Guinevere took notice in their love and encouraged them to express it .

How does Fenice learn about magic ?
From her governess
from her governess

Why do Alis and Cliges not have to fight for the throne ?
Alis dies while Cliges is in England .
It will pass to Cliges

How is Alexander persuaded to give up the throne to Alis ?
Alis promised not to marry and pass the throne onto Cliges .
Alis will not have children

What relationship is Cliges to Fenice right after Fenice marries Alis ?
Cliges is her nephew-in-law .
Fenice is Cliges s aunt

Why does Cliges leave Greece for King Arthur s court ?
To become a knight like Alexander
To be knighted .

When does Alis die ?
While Cliges is in Britain asking for King Arthur s help
While Cliges is away to Arthur .

When is Alis persuaded to marry ?
After the death of his brother Alexander .
After Alexander s death .

Who was Alexander the son of ?
The Greek Emperor Alexander
Greek emperor Alexander

Whose court did Alexander join ?
King Arthur
King Arthur s

Who is the traitor who takes Windsor Castle ?
Count Angres
Count Angres

Who is Alexander and Soredamors ' son ?
Cliges
Cliges

Who is Alexander s brother ?
Alis
Alis

Who does Alis marry ?
Fenice
Fenice , the daughter of the German Emporer .

Who does Cliges marry ?
Fenice
Fenice

Who tells Alis where Cliges is hiding ?
Bertrand
Bertrand

Who fakes their death using magic ?
Fenice
Fenice

How does Cliges start his story ?
He begins with a story about his parents , Alexander and Soredamors .
When his father died .

What position does Cliges ' father s father hold ?
He is a Greek emperor .
He was the Greek Emperor Alexander .

When Clige s father Alexander travels to Britain what does he hope to accomplish ?
He hopes to become a knight in King Arthur s realm .
To become a Knight .

Once knighted , what is the first thing Alexander does as one of King Aruthur s knights ?
He helps to retake Windsor Castle when it is taken over by a traitor .
He assists in retaking Windsor castle .

Who is the woman Alexander falls in love with while knighting for King Aruthur ?
He falls in love with King Aruthur s neice , Soredamors .
Soredamors

After they marry and have Cliges where to Alexander and Soredamors go ?
They go back to Greece .
Greece

What do Alexander and Soredamores find when they return to Greece after their marriage ?
They find that Alexander s brother Alis has claimed the throne following the death of Alexander s father .
Alexander s father has died and Alis has claimed the throne to Greece .

What does Fenice do to make it possible for her and Cliges run off together after they have fallen in love ?
Fenice fakes her death with the help of her governess , allowing the two to run away together .
Fakes her death

Who finds Cliges and Fenice and what does he do with the information ?
Bertrand finds them and tells Alis .
Bertrand finds Cliges and Fenice and tells Alis .

How does Cliges become emperor and free to marry Fenice ?
When Alis dies Celiges is able to take the thrown and marry .
Alis dies

