What happened to Cassandra that made Athena and Poseidon mad ?
Ajax the Lesser raped Cassandra and the Greek army condoned it
She was raped

Who are Cassandra s parents ?
King Priam and Queen Hecuba
King Priam and Queen Hecuba

What did the Greek Herald Talthybius tell queen Hecuba about Cassandra ?
Cassandra will become a concubine of Agamemnon
That she is sure to become the general Agamimnons concubine

What happened to Polyxena according to Andromache ?
Polyxena was killed at the tomb of Achilles
She was killed as a sacrifice

Who will Andromache become the concubine of ?
Neoptolemus
she will become the concubine of Neoptolemus

What did Talthybius tell Andromache would happen to her son Astyanax ?
Andromache s son Astyanax would be killed
That her son Andromache was condemned to die .

What are Greek leader afraid that Astyanax will do ?
Astyanax will avenge his father Hector when he grows up
They are afraid Astyanaz will avenge his father .

Who continued to live with Helen after the Trojan war ?
Menelaus
Memelous

Who buries Astyanax ?
Hecuba
Hecuba

Who is Hecuba enslaved to after her family dies by fire ?
Odysseus
Odysseus

Why do Poseidon and Athena want to punish the Greek armies ?
Because they allowed Ajax the Lesser to rape Cassandra .
When Ajax the Lesser raped Cassandra , they condoned it .

Who is the messenger who visits Queen Hecuba ?
Talthybius
Talthybius

What is the proposed fate of Hecuba and Cassandra ?
Hecuba will be taken away by Odysseus and Cassandra will be Agamemnon s concubine .
Hecuba will be taken away by Odysseus and Cassandra will be Agammenon s concubine .

How does Cassandra take the news of her fate ?
She is delighted in the news .
Cassandra is morbidly delighted by the news of that fate .

What happened to Polyxena , Hecuba s youngest daughter ?
She was sacrificed at the tomb of Achilles
She is killed as a sacrifice

What is Andromache s fate slated to be ?
She is to be the concubine of Achilles son Neoptolemus .
Neoptolemus ' concubine .

How does Helen escape her destined fate from the Gods ?
She seduces her husband into saving her life .
By seducing menelaus .

Whose body does Talthybius carry in on Hector s shield ?
Little Astyanax .
The body of little astyanax was in the shield

What was Andromache s wish ?
That Astyanax be buried performing the proper Trojan rituals .
Her wish was to bury her child herself

What happens to Hecuba in the end ?
She is carted off with Odysseus .
She is taken away as a slave .

What city does the story take place in ?
Troy
The story takes place in the city of Troy

Who is Athena discussing punishing the Greek armies with ?
Poseidon
Poseidon

Who arrives to tell Hecuba what will happen to her and her children ?
Talthybius
Talthybius

Which character is able to see the future ?
Cassandra
Cassandra

Which character was killed as a sacrifice at the tomb of Achilles ?
Polyxena
Polyxena

Who arrives to try and take Helen back to Greece for a death sentence ?
Menelaus
Menelaus

Who prepares Astynax s body for burial ?
Hecuba
Hecuba

What is Talthbius carrying Astyanax s body on ?
Hector s shield
Hector s shield

Which character is taken away as a slave at the end of the story ?
Hecuba
Hecuba

