What does Jerry Maguire do that ends up getting him fired at the beginning of the story ?
He publishes a mission statement which goes against the status quo .
he writes a public statement about dishonesty in sports management

When Jerry Maguire announces he is going to start a new agency , which person from SMI goes with him ?
Dorothy Boyd .
Dorothy Boyd

Why does Frank Cushman decide to go with Bob Sugar instead of Jerry Maguire ?
Because Jerry is focused on Tidwell , and Tidwell is African American .
they felt Jerry was giving superior service to Tidwel over Cushman

Who is Bob Sugar ?
Bob Sugar is Jerry s former protege and , later , his biggest competition .
Jerry s protege

Which organization does Jerry Maguire work for at the beginning of the story ?
Sports Management International ( SMI ) .
sports management international ( SMI )

What does Rod Tidwell do that causes Jerry Maguire to only secure one client as Bob Sugar steals the rest of Jerry s clients ?
Rod puts Jerry through the ringer with a very long conversation .
Cushman s father decison to sign with Sugar and not Jerry

During a game between the Cardinals and the Cowboys , what does Rod Tidwell do when he appears to get injured ?
Score a touchdown .
dances

What good news does Rod Tidwell get while on Roy Firestone s sports show ?
That Jerry was able to secure Rod a $ 11.2 million contract .
Jerry secured 11.2 million dollar contract with Cardinals for Rod Tidwell

Who surprises Jerry at the end of the story by throwing a baseball ?
Ray , Dorothy s son .
ray

During an argument , what does Rod Tidwell claim that Jerry is not trying hard enough to do ?
To get Rod a contract .
get him a contract

How much is the contract that Jerry secured for Rod with the Cardinals worth ?
$ 11.2 million
11.2 million dollars

Who is sent to fire Jerry Maguire ?
Bob Sugar
Bob sugar

When Jerry starts his new management company , who is his main client ?
Rod Tidwell
Rod

What is the name of the company Jerry works for at the beginning ?
Sports Management International or SMI
SMI

Who were the Cardinals playing against when Rod received his injury ?
Dallas Cowboys
It was against the Dallas Cowboys

Who goes with Jerry when he leaves SMI ?
Dorothy Boyd
Dorothy

What is Dorothy s son s name ?
Ray
Ray

How old is Jerry Maguire ?
35
35

Who initially stuck with Jerry after he left SMI , only to sign with SMI at the last minute ?
Frank Cush Cushman
Bob Sugar

What are two main critiques of sports agents in Jerry s mission statement ?
They can be dishonest and often work with too many clients
that they may not be honest in their dealings and that they have too many clients

Who was Jerry s colleague and , ultimately rival , from Jerry s original agency ?
Bob Sugar
Bob Sugar

What position did Frank Cush Cushman play ?
Quarterback
quarterback

Who was Jerry s only client for much of the story ?
Rod Tidwell
Rod Tidwell

Why was Dorothy thinking about moving to San Diego ?
She had a job offer there
She has a job offer .

Besides Frank Cush Cushman , who else was instrumental in the decision to sign with SMI over Jerry ?
Cush s father
It was Sugar

Who were the Cardinals playing in the Monday Night Football game when Rod and Jerry embrace ?
Dallas Cowboys
The Dallas Cowboys

What kind of ball does Ray throw that prompts Jerry to consider whether he might have a career in sports ?
Baseball
a baseball

What team offers Rod a big contract that will cover his final years in football ?
Arizona Cardinals
Cardinals

Whose sports show did Rod appear on ?
Roy Firestone s
The Roy Firestone s Sports Show

