Where does Jenny work at ?
The Palm Beach Post
Palm Beach Post

Where does John work when he moves from Michigan ?
South Florida Sun Sentinel
South Florida Sun Sentinel

Why does John adopt a dog ?
to see if him & jenny are ready to raise a family
to see if he and Jenny are ready for a baby

What breed of dog is Marley ?
A golden labrador
Yellow Lab

Who is Marley named after ?
Reggae singer Bob Marley
Bob Marley

Why does Marley get kicked out of Ms. Kornblut s dog training class ?
He does n't obey commands
because Marley refuses to obey commands .

What are the names jenny & john s children ?
patrick and connor
Patrick and Connor

After John turns 40 , what does he decide to do ?
takes a job as a reporter for the Philadelphia Inquirer
accept a position as reporter with The Philadelphia Inquirer

What condition does Marley die from ?
Gastric dilatation volvulus
Gastric Dilataion

Where does the family decide to bury Marley ?
beneath a tree in the front yard
under a tree in their front yard

What did John and Jenny Grogan do shortly after their wedding ?
They relocated to a cottage in South Florida and got hired as reporters , but for competing newspapers .
Adopt a dog

Which newspaper company did John work for ?
The South Florida Sun-Sentinel .
John worked at the South Florida Sun-Sentiniel and eventually moves on to work at The Philadelphia Inquirer .

Who had the better job between John and Jenny ?
Jenny did .
Jenny

What did Sebastian Tunney suggest John and Jenny do ?
Adopt a dog first to see if they re ready to raise a family .
adopt a dog

What did John realize might be a perfect topic for his first piece for his new assignment ?
Marley s misadventures .
the misadventures of Marley

What did John and Jenny do in Ireland ?
Celebrate a belated honeymoon .
Late honeymoom

When was Marley especially hard to control ?
During frequent thunderstorms .
during thunderstorms

What did Marley delight in doing in Boca Raton ?
Swimming in the backyard pool .
swimming

What did Jenny quickly realize after trying to give Marley away ?
That Marley had already become and indispensable part of the family .
Jenny comes to the realization that Marley is a huge part of their lives .

What almost killed Marley once and also eventually killed him ?
An attack of gastric dilatation volvulus .
gastric dilatation volvulus

Where do John and Jenny relocate to after their marriage ?
South Florida
to escape the brutal winters

Who suggests John to adopt a dog ?
John s co-worker and friend Sebastian
Sebastian

What dog do John and Jenny adopt ?
Labrador Retriever
Marley

On whose name is Marley named after ?
Bob Marley
Bob Marley

To whom do John and Jenny take Marley for training ?
Ms. Kornblut
Marley

Where do John and Jenny travel for a belated honeymoon ?
Ireland
Ireland

What are the names of John and Jenny s children ?
Patrick and Connor
Patrick and Connor

Why do John and Jenny move to Boca Raton ?
Because of the crime rate
because of the lower crime rate , and they now had children

Why did Sebastian move away ?
Sebastian moved away because he got a job with The New York Times .
He accepted a job at the New York Times

Where does John accept a reporter s position ?
The Philadelphia Inquirer
South Florida Sentinel

