What is Fred Nelville s rank in the calvary ?
Lieutenant
Lieutenant

Fred Nelville is heir to what title ?
Earl of Scroope
An Earldom

Who does Kate O'Hara live with ?
Her mother , Mrs. O'Hara
Her mother .

Why does Mrs. O'Hara confront Fred in his barracks ?
To find out when Fred will marry her daughter , Kate
He had just returned to Ireland

What is the urgency for Fred to marry Kate ?
Because Kate is pregnant
Kate is carrying Fred s baby .

What would Fred not be willing to marry Kate ?
Because she is poor and unsuitable to become a countess .
She is not upper class

After Fred becomes Earl of Scroope , where does Mrs. O'Hara confront him ?
On the cliffs above the cottage
His barracks .

What is the result of the confrontation between Fred and Mrs. O'Hara on the cliffs above the cottage ?
Mrs. O'Hara pushes Fred over the cliff to his death .
Mrs. O'Hara kills Fred

Why does Mrs. O'Hara go insane after killing Fred ?
Mrs , O'Hara realizes that she killed the man that her daughter , Kate , loves .
because she killed the love of her daughter life

Who inherited the earldom of Scroope after Fred ?
Fred s brother , Jack .
His brother

What phrase would Mrs. O'Hara repeat endlessly at the asylum ?
An eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth .
An eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . Is it not the law ?

Why did Mrs. O'Hara attack Fred ?
He would not make Kate the Countess of Scroope .
Fred refused to anoint her Countess .

How does Fred die ?
Mrs. O'Hara pushes him over a cliff .
mrs. o'hara pushed him off a cliff

After Fred Neville dies , who inherits the earldom ?
Fred s brother , Jack .
Jack

Why does Fred refuse to marry Kate after visiting her ?
He became the Earl of Scroope .
Kate would not be socially acceptable .

Why is Kate O'Hara referred to as unfortunate ?
She is pregnant with Fred s child and unmarried .
Because of her background of poverty

Why would society not accept a marriage between Kate and Fred ?
She lives in genteel poverty and is not high class enough .
Because their backgrounds are so different .

Where is the setting of the climax ?
On the cliffs above the cottage .
above the cottage on the cliffs

What realization causes Mrs. O'Hara to fall instantly insane ?
She killed the man her daughter loves .
that she killed her daughters true love

Why was Frank summoned back to Dorsetshire by the Earl ?
To promise that he would not marry Kate .
To be told that he will not marry Kate under any circumstances .

Who is the lieutenent of cavalry ?
Fred Neville
Fred Neville

Of what earldom is the lieutenant heir to ?
Scroop
Scroope .

Who does Kate live with in genteel poverty ?
Her mother
Her mother .

Where is the lieutenant summoned back to ?
Dorsetshire
dorsetshire

Where does the confrontation with Mrs. O'Hara take place ?
The Barracks
On cliffs above Mrs. O'Hara s cottage .

Who is informed to have died the evening of the visit ?
old Earl
The old Earl .

Who becomes the Earl of Scroope ?
Fred
Fred Neville , then Jack Neville .

What would make Kate unacceptable in society ?
Her background
She s a commoner and poor .

Who is Jack ?
Fred s brother
Fred Neville s brother .

