Why was Manhattan turned into a prison ?
crime increased by 400 %
There was a 400 % increase in crime .

When was the President s airplane hijacked ?
1997
While on it s way to a peace summit

How many people who were on Air Force One when it was hijacked survived ?
1
1

Who took the President after he escaped from hijackers ?
the Duke of New York
The Duke

What was Plissken offered in exchange for rescuing the President ?
a presidential pardon
a presidential pardon

Where was the Duke s compound ?
Grand Central Station
Grand Central Station .

How did Cabbie say he end up with the secret tape ?
he traded his hat to Romero for it
He traded his hat to Romero for it .

Who kills the Duke ?
the President
The President .

Why was Snake disgusted with the President ?
the President did n't show any emotion for the people who died while trying to save him
Because he did n't appreciate those who died to save him

What did the summit meeting leaders hear on the secret tape ?
a song
Bandstand Boogie .

What has Manhattan been turned into ?
Manhattan has been turned into a maximum security prison .
a giant maximum-security prison

What happened to Air Force One ?
Air Force One is hijacked by terrorists .
It was hijacked by terrorists .

What is in the President s briefcase ?
The briefcase has an audiotape describing a powerful new bomb .
An audiotape about a new bomb .

What would have happened to the President if he would not have made it to an escape pod ?
The president would have been killed with the rest of the passengers when the plane crashed .
He would have died in the plane crash .

What will Snake get if he rescues the President and gets the audiotape back ?
Snake will be granted a pardon which will release him of his charges .
A Presidential pardon

How does Hauk ensure that Snake with comply with the terms and not take off ?
Hauk has Snake injected with explosives that will explode in his arteries if he does n't come back with the President .
He implants explosives in his carotid artery .

What happens to Snake when he tries to free the President at Dukes compound at Grand Central Station ?
Snake is caught by Duke s men .
His is captured by Duke s men .

Why does Snake fight Slag ?
Duke forces Snake and Slag to fight to the death .
He was forced to .

What does Cabbie show he has that the President wants ?
The Cabbie has the audiotape .
The secret tape .

What happened to the real ' audiotape ?
Snake ends up with the real tape and as he is walking away from the President he secretly tears it up .
Snake destroyed it

What has the government turned Manhattan into ?
a maximum security prison
Giant Manhattan security prison .

During what year is Air Force One attacked ?
1997
1988

Who has taken the President hostage ?
The Duke of New York
The Duke of New York

What deal does Hauk offer Snake ?
If Snake rescues the President and the cassette tape that s with him , Hauk will arrange a presidential pardon .
a presidential pardon if Snake successfully rescues the president .

What does haul do to ensure Snake follows through with the plan ?
injects his veins with explosives
He implants explosives in Snake that wil go off after 22 hours .

Where does Snake find the president s bracelet ?
a vaudeville theater
Vaudeville Theatre .

Who leads Snake to grand Central Station ?
Brian and Maggie
Brain and Maggie

Who does Snake fight to the death ?
Slag
Slag

How does Cabbie die ?
His car is blown in half by a mine .
Cabbie dies when the car is blow in half by a mine .

What is on the cassette that the President plays ?
Bandstand Boogie
Bandstand Boogie

