According to Dewey , what happens to the gap between the capacities of the young and the customs of the elders as time goes on ?
It increases
Widens and becomes more difficult .

What does Dewey say spans the gap between the ignorance of the young and the customs and habits of the social group ?
education
Education only

What two things do the elders in the group possess that the young do not ?
knowledge and customs of the group
the knowledge and customs of the group

How do the achievements of the group compare to what the individuals would be able to accomplish on their own ?
The group will achieve more than the individual
they pale in comparison

What determines the necessity of education ?
the gap between the customs of the immature and the elders
The inevidibilty of births and deaths among social groups

What is required to reproduce the life of the group ?
Deliberate effort
Precise and dedicated teaching of those born into the group ignorant of such knowledge .

How is the gap between the young and the old bridged ?
The young are made aware of the customs and become interested
education

Who said that the gap between the immature and the group bridged with education ?
Dewey
Dewey

What happens if the young are not introduced and initatied into the customs of the group ?
The characteristic life of the group will cease
the group s character will end

When individuals are born , how do they feel about the customs of the group ?
They are unaware of them .
unaware and indifferent

What can bridge the knowledge gap between childhood and adulthood within a social group ?
Education
Education

The story states that even in what kind of tribe does the knowledge of the adults still vastly exceed that of the young ?
Savage
the savage tribe

As civilization grows , what else grows according to the story ?
The gap between what a young member is born knowing and what a young member needs to learn before adulthood .
capcities of the immature and standards of the elders

What do the adult members of a society possess ?
Societal customs and knowledge
The adults possess skills and knowledge .

What must young members of a society be initiated into ?
Information , skills , purposes , interests , and practices
aims and habits of the group

According to the story , what is not enough in the transition to adulthood ?
Only obtaining survival skills and aging
physical growth and mastery of bare essentials

Getting immature beings in a society into functioning adulthood requires what ?
Deliberate focus on a society s goals .
education

Who will take over a society someday ?
Youth
new-born members

What happens to every member of a society ?
Birth and death
eventual death

According to the story , what could happen if the young of a society remain uneducated ?
The group would cease its characteristic life .
The life-group loses it identity and character

What is Dewey s argument ?
That birth and death of each group determine necessity of education .
Education is necessary for the survival of the group with its distinct characteristics and customs .

Why , does Dewey argue , it is important to pass on knowledge to youth ?
People need to have roles in society preserved to keep a groups characteristic life .
If the knowledge off the elders is not passed on to youth , the characteristics that make that group or tribe distinct from others will die away .

What did Dewey observe in savage tribes ?
The adults are beyond what immature members would be capable of alone .
adult achievements are beyond the immature s

What observations does Dewey make about growing up ?
That masterty of the necessities will not sustain the group alone .
That becoming an adult is becoming increasingly longer and more difficult .

What are groups required to do to survive ?
Take effort and deliberate pains .
learn from mature members

What happens to beings who do not understand the group s motivations ?
They need to be educated to the group s goals and ambitions .
The group losses their identity .

What spans the gap between different ages ?
Education spans the gap between all ages .
education

What is the difference between youth and adults ?
youth are immature , while adults are more mature and have more knowledge to impart .
education

Why is education so important , in Dewey s mind ?
It helps inform the group of what is expected of them growing up .
it spans the gap

Who should be responsible for educating the youth in a group ?
The adults should .
The adults .

