In the story , how did Mini end up having an affair with Martin ?
He was her second client as a call girl .
To prove sexuality

Why did Mini ultimately want Martin to get into a fight with Mike ?
Mini wanted the police to believe he was solely responsible for Diane s murder .
so the police would arrest him .

What did Mini and Martin unsuccessfully plan to do to get rid of Diane ?
Have her declared insane .
Have her declared as insane

Why did Mini go to Mike s house ?
To get Martin to fight Mike .
To make Mike jealous

Who sent the sexual pictures to Martin ?
Mini .
Mike

How did Mini feel about her first experience as a call girl ?
Mini was disappointed .
Disappointment

Who is Mike to Diane ?
Her neighbor .
Her neighbor .

Who initially wanted to murder Diane ?
Mini .
Mini

Who was Mini s first successful call girl client ?
Her stepfather .
her stepfather

Who was present at Mini s graduation who was suspicious of Diane s suicide ?
The detective .
The detective

What does Mini call her unique and special experiences ?
Firsts
Firsts

What makes Mini s second client exciting ?
He is her stepfather .
He is her stepfather .

What happened with her first client ?
His guilty conscience kept him from following through .
He had a guilty conscience

How do Mini and Martin plan to get rid of Diane at first ?
Have her declared insane .
To get her pronounced insane

How do Martin and Mini actually get rid of Diane ?
Martin kills her .
murder

Why do Martin and Mike get into a fight that leads to the police showing up ?
Martin is jealous because Mini received sexual photos from Mike and was at his house .
over sexual puctures of Mini

Who actually sent the sexual photos on Mini s phone ?
Mini
Mini

Why is Mini the valedictorian ?
She was given all As in sympathy for her mom s death .
they gave her all A s because her mom was killed .

Who does the detective suspect killed Diane ?
Martin and Mini
Mini and Martin

Why did n't Martin know it was Mini when he first becomes her client ?
He was blinfolded .
He was blindfolded .

What high school year is Mini in ?
Mini is a senior in high school .
senior

What does Mini call her unique experiences ?
Mini calls them firsts .
firsts

In the film , what is the first Mini is focused on ?
Mini is focused on being a call girl .
Her first client of her call girl job

Who is one of Mini s first clients as a call girl ?
Her step-father .
A man with a guilty consience

What did Mini and Martin do to try and get together ?
Mini and Martin tried to have her mother declared insane .
Concoct a plan to get Mini s mother declared insane

What was the back-up plan when Mini s mother was not declared insane ?
Mini convinced Martin to kill her mother .
Murdering her

Who does Mini receive sexual pictures from ?
Mini receives the pictures from her neighbor Mike .
Mini

Why was Martin arrested ?
He was arrested for trying to beat Mike unconscious .
Killing Diane

Who actually sent the pictures to Martin ?
Mini is the one who sent the pictures to Martin .
Mini

How did the school show sympathy to Mini ?
They showed sympathy by giving her straight A s eventhough she was a C student .
By giving her straight A s .

