Why does Lisa commit suicide ?
Rejected by the guy she loved .
Because Eric rejected her .

Who is committed because of schizphrenia ?
Barbra .
Barbara

Eric and Monica were killed by whom ?
Rachel .
Rachel

Why does the D.A , cover up the statutory rape ?
Eric s family has a lot of political influence .
Political influence .

Who does Rachel lose her virginity to ?
Jesse .
Jesse

What special power does Rachel possess ?
Telekinesis .
Telekinesis .

What is the name of the schoolcouncilor ?
Sue Snell .
Sue Snell

How are Rachel and Carrie White related ?
Half sisters they have same father .
they have the same dad

What sort of game are the football players involved in ?
Points for having sex .
Sleeping with girls for points

Who did Rachel save from a fire ?
Jesse .
Jesse

What does Lisa do after she learns about the football players ' competition to sleep with girls ?
Lisa commits suicide .
She kills herself

Who is Sue Snell ?
Sue Snell is the school counselor .
The counsler

What happens when Sue asks Rachel about moving objects with her mind ?
Rachel screams , and a snow globe on Sue s desk shatters .
Rachel screams , and a snowglobe shatters across the room .

Why does the Senior D.A . fail to charge Eric with statutory rape ?
The Senior D.A . fails to charge Eric with statutory rape because of the political influence of the players ' families .
The parents of the football players involved leaned on him politically .

What encourages Mark to humiliate Rachel for telling the school counselor and the sheriff that Lisa and Eric slept together ?
Mark is encouraged to humiliate Rachel when the Senior D.A . fails to prosecute Eric for statutory rape because of the political influence of the players ' families .
the DA covered up the rape because of the influence of the families players

What makes Rachel believe that Jesse never cared for her ?
Rachel believes that Jesse never cared for her when the football players reveal their competition to sleep with girls and claim that Rachel had been added to Jesse s list .
Rachel was added to Jesse s sex game list

How does Rachel kill most of the attendees of the party at Mark s house ?
Rachel kills most of the attendees with her telekinetic powers .
Spear gun

When Rachel becomes upset at Mark s party , how does Sue respond ?
Sue goes to the mental hospital to get Rachel s mother and takes her to Mark s house .
Looks in the door .

What makes Rachel believe that Jesse really does love her ?
Rachel believes that Jesse really does love her when he hears him say it on the videotape .
Heard it in the video

How does Rachel die ?
Rachel dies when she pushes Jesse out of the way of the collapsing building and is crushed herself .
A fire

Who is Barbara s daughter ?
Rachel
Rachel

Who did Lisa lose her virginity to ?
Eric
Eric .

How did Lisa die ?
She committed suicide .
In a fire at Mark s house

What special power does Rachel have ?
She is telekinetic
Telekinesis .

Who does Rachel lose her virginity to ?
Jesse
Eric

What triggers Rachel s telekinesis at Mark s party ?
A video playing of Jesse and Rachel having sex
The football players showing the sex tape .

How does Mark die ?
He drowns
he drowns in the pool

What does Rachel tell Jesse before she dies ?
She loves him .
That she loves him

How does Rachel die ?
house fire
The house fire .

What does Jesse keep to remember Rachel ?
Her dog , Walter
Rachel s dog , Walter

