Tocqueville stated that the strong role of religion in the U.S. was due to what ?
The separation from the government
separation of government

What did Tocqueville speculate on ?
The future of democracy in the United States
The future of Democracy in the United States .

Tocqueville stated that social mechanisms have paradoxes , what is this known as ?
The Tocqueville effect
The Tocqueville effect .

As social conditons improve what happens to social frustration ?
It increases
it increases

Tocqueville stated that there was a growing hatred of what ?
Social Privilege
social privilege

By studying the United States Democracy , Tocqueville was trying to understand the failings of what country ?
France
France .

After what year did Tocqueville s view of the United States take a darker turn ?
1840
1840

According to Tocqueville , democracy has a tendency to degenerate into what ?
Soft Despotism
Soft despotism .

What country was Tocqueville from ?
France
France

What did Tocqueville believe was unhealthy between democrats and the religious in France ?
Antagonism
The antagonism due to the connection between church and state .

What form of government is Tocqueville analyzing ?
Republican representative democracy
democracy

What are the two possible threats to Democracy that Tocqueville discusses ?
Soft despotism and the tyranny of the majority .
democracy has a tendency to degenerate into despotism and tyranny of the majority

How does Tocqueville think that religion had managed to play a healthy role in the United States ?
Religion had been separated from government
It was separate from the government , which everyone seemed to agree on .

What does Tocqueville blame for the negative influence of religion in France ?
The antagonism existing between the democrats and the religious groups
The connection between church and state .

What does Tocqueville think is the motivation for the dangerous extremes people might go to in the future ?
The overwhelming drive for equality among men
Excesses of passion .

What are the two societies Tocqueville discusses in the two volumes of Democracy in America ?
The political society and the civil society
United States and France

What is the essential problem that social mechanisms have ?
The problem of paradox
Social paradoxes occur creating negative effects .

What is the Tocqueville Effect ' ?
The fact that social mechanisms are paradoxical .
social frustration increases as social conditions improve

What is the primary focus of democracy in the US ?
An analysis of why , while failing in other places , republican-representative democracy has succeeded in the US .
to ananlyze why republican democracy is successful in the US but fails in other places

Who took note of the US ' success and France s failures in applying democracy ?
Tocqueville
Tocqueville .

Into what has US democracy have a tendency to degenerate into ?
Soft depotism
soft despotism and the risk if developing a tyranny

Why did religion play a strong role in the United States ?
Because it remained separate from the state/government .
Because religion is separate from government

In France , what took place between democrats and religion ?
Unhealthy antagonism
An antagonism between church and state .

How was civil society described in the second volume ?
As a sphere of private and civilian affairs .
It is a combiation of public and private dealings .

How do you sum up the concept of the Tocqueville Effect ?
While social conditions improve , social frustration also increases .
The concept was social frustration increases as social conditions improve .

After what year did Tocqueville s US views take a darker turn ?
After 1940
1840 .

In which piece was the darker turn on Tocqueville s US views made evident ?
Tocqueville on America after 1840 : Letters and Other Writings .
after 1840 Letters and Other Writings

Who wrote Tocqueville on American after 1840 : Letters and Other Writings ?
Aurelian Craiutu
Aurelian Craiutu .

What is the main focus of the story ?
understanding why a political system that failed in many other places works in the United States
Tocqueville Effect

Which two countries are compared in the story ?
France and the US
United States and France

What does the story describe as possibly leading to totalitarian states ?
being passionate about all men being equal
Excess passion for equality .

Why does religion have a strong role in the US , according to the story ?
because it was kept separate from the government
separation of church and state

Why is there opposition between the religious and the democrats in France ?
due to the close relationship between state and church
Opposition is caused by the connection between church and state .

How do improved social conditions affect the state , according to the story ?
the government tries to become more powerful
the state concentrates more on itself

Which change in society increases frustration , according to the story ?
improved social conditions
When social conditions improve .

What type of political system does the United States have , according to the story ?
one where politicians are elected to represent people
republican representative democracy

What could happen to democracy , according to the story ?
it could turn into a situation where the people have no real influence over the state
It leads to totalitarianism .

