How does Mary arrive at the house ?
She descends from the sky with her umbrella .
She descends from the sky with the help of her umbrella .

Why did the children s nanny quit ?
She assumed that they ran away again .
The children had ran away again .

What were the children doing while they were runaways ?
They were chasing a lost Kite .
Chasing their kite

Where does George work ?
He works at the Bank .
The bank .

Who is George s boss ?
Mr Dawes Sr. is George s boss .
Mr. Dawe s Sr .

What does Bert do for a living ?
Bert is a screever .
He is a one-man band .

How do Mary Poppins and the children end up in the countryside ?
She uses her magic on one of Bert s drawings .
Though a chalk drawing

What causes the bank run ?
Mr Dawes grabs Michael s tuppence .
Customers demanding their money back .

Where do George , Mary and the children end up after the bank run ?
They get lost in the East End .
The rooftops

What does George do after he tells the Uncle Albert joke and goes home ?
He fixes the children s kite and takes the family to the park .
He fixes the children s kite .

Where does Bert give the audience a tour ?
Cherry Tree Lane .
Cherry Tree Lane

What were the Bank s children doing when they ran away ?
Chasing a kite .
Chasing a lost kite

What does George do with then letter the children wrote to advertise for a nanny ?
Throws it in the fireplace .
He rips the letter up and throws the pieces in the fireplace .

What happens to the nannies as they appear outside ?
A gust of wind blows them away .
They are blown away by high wind

What does Bert do on the pavement ?
Draws chalk sketches .
Draws chalk sketches

Who servers Mary Poppins and Bert tea ?
Penguin waiters .
4 penguins

What is Mary s no nonsense word ?
Supercalifragilistitexpialidocious .
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious

When Jane and Michael get lost at the East End , who do they run into ?
Bert .
Bert

Where do the children , Mary and Bert have a song and dance ?
On the rooftops .
onOn the roof

What does Dawes do when he finally gets the joke ?
He floats into the air .
floats into the air laughing

Why was George Banks displeased with his children at the beginning of the story ?
His children had run away from home again .
They presented their own advertisement for a nanny

What item does Mary Poppins present to George Banks upon her first arrival at their home ?
The advertisement that the Banks children had written .
The previously ripped up advertisement letter that is now magically restored .

What causes Mary and the children s pleasant park outing to suddenly end ?
A thunderstorm .
A thunderstorm destroys Bert s drawing .

How does Mary s Uncle Albert end up on the ceiling of his house ?
Laughing too hard .
From uncontrollable laughter

What kind of business does George Banks work at ?
A bank .
A bank

What does Michael Banks offer his father to make ammends after the fiasco at the bank ?
Tuppence .
His tuppence .

Who has a job as a chimney sweep at one point in the story ?
Bert .
Bert

What kind of natural phenomenon signifies that Mary must leave the Banks ' employment ?
A change in the wind .
The wind changes .

Which character ends up dying happily from laughter ?
Mr. Dawes Sr .
Mr. Dawes Sr .

What kind of toy does George Banks fix for his children at the end of the story ?
A kite .
A kite

