How did Rasputin gain his powers ?
He sold his soul for revenge on the Romanovs .
Rasputin sold his soul for an unholy reliquary .

How did Anastasia and Marie escape the ball ?
A servant boy Dimitri helped them by escaping through a secret door and onto a train .
a secret passageway in Anastasia s room

What is Dimitri and Vladamir s goal when they get to Paris ?
To pass off Anya as Anastasia , in order to get their reward .
to collect reward money

What place was Anya leaving from before meeting Dimitri ?
She was leaving the orphanage she grew up in .
Her orphanage .

Why is Rasputin dragged into limbo ?
Because Anastasia escaped the curse when she escaped .
because he sold his soul for an unholy reliquary

What is Rasputin s goal when he resurfaces from limbo ?
His goal is to kill Anastasia .
To kill Anastasia .

Why does Marie refuse to see Anastasia ?
Because she thinks that Anastasia is another impostor .
Because she has seen lots of imposters .

How does Dimitri convince Marie to see Anastasia ?
He kidnapps her and shows her the music box Marie gave to Anastasia before tragedy struck at the ball .
he shows her the music box he found at the palace

How does Anastasia kill Rasputin ?
She gets his reliquary and smashes it to pieces .
By crushing the reliquary with her foot .

What happens to Dimitri and Anastasia in the end ?
They forgive each other and elope .
They reconcile and elope .

Who leads Marie and Anastasia to safety when the royal palace goes under siege ?
Dimitri .
Dmitri

What was the inscription on the necklace Marie gave to Anastasia ?
Together in Paris .
Together In Paris

How did Rasputin die the first time ?
He fell through the ice and froze to death .
He fell through the ice .

How much money did Marie offer as a reward for the safe return of Anastasia ?
10 million rubles .
10 million rubles .

Where is Dimitri living when he meets Anya ?
The abandoned palace .
at the abandoned palace .

To what city do Dimitri and Vladimir take Anastasia to meet Marie ?
Paris .
Paris .

What does Anastasia do to finally destroy Rasputin once and for all ?
She smashes Rasputin s reliquary .
He crushes his reliquary .

What does Dimitri do that restores Anastasia s memories ?
He plays the music box that Marie had given her .
Plays a music box from the palace .

What is the name of Anastasia s puppy ?
Pooka .
Pooka

What year was the Romanov tricentennial ?
1916
1916

What was Tsar Nicholas celebrating in 1916 ?
The Romanov tricentennial
the Romanov centennial

Who interupts the ball ?
The sorcerer Grigori Rasputin
Grigori Rasputin

Why was Rasputin banished ?
Treason
for treason

How is Rasputin believed to have died orginally ?
He falls through the ice on a river and freezes to death .
freezing to death

What do Dmitri and Vladimir decide to do ?
Find a fake Anastasia to collect the reward
Take Anastasia with them to Paris .

Why does Anastasia travel to St. petersburgh ?
She wanted to eventually reach Paris due to her necklace .
She is inspired by the inscription her necklace .

Why does Marie refuse to see Anastasia ?
Marie had already been fooled numerous times by imposters .
She s been fooled by impostors

What convinces Dmitri that he has the real Anastasia ?
Her recollection of a young boy saving her years before
She vaguely recollects how a boy saved her ten years ago .

How does Anastasia kill Rasputin ?
She crushes his reliquary under her foot .
By crushing the reliquary

