What does the word state refer to ?
Status and/or the official ruling government .
All republican or princely forms of supreme political power .

Is The Prince about Princedoms ?
It is about Princedoms .
Yes , though it it mixed with republics discussion .

What is a unique trait about hereditary Princedoms ?
It is unlikely that subjects will disdain the Prince except in extreme circumstances .
They are easier to rule .

Why do non-hereditary Princes have unique challenges ?
They have to establish themselves .
A new Prince has to establish himself as a new leader in defiance of custom

What influences inspired Machiavelli ?
His own experiences .
Tacitus

Who educated Cyrus the Great ?
Xenophon educated Cyrus the Great .
Xenophon

According to Xenophon , how was Cyrus the Great unique ?
He was different from both hereditary kings and kings who earned their own rule .
he was different than all other kings

Who is Machiavelli advising ?
Princes and rulers .
non-hereditary leaders

What does the word state denote ?
All organized forms of political power .
status

At what time did the word state come to acquire a modern meaning ?
During the Renaissance .
During the Renaissance

What else in included in this treatise that is supposed to be about princedoms ?
Republics .
republics

How are republics treated in this work ?
Reublics are effectively treated as a type of princedom .
as a type of princedom

What type of princedoms are earier to rule ?
Hereditary princedoms .
hereditary princedoms

When would a prince s subject not be well disposed toward him ?
In a situation where immoral or wicked behavior causes the prince to be hated .
if he has extraordinary vices

What is an oligarchy ?
A government ruled by a single person .
ruled by a single monarch

What is a democracy ?
A government ruled by the people .
Government ruled by the people

What is tyranny ?
A corrupt form of government .
cruel or oppressive government rule

What are mixed cases ?
One of two types of new states .
Cases of hereditary Princes and those who gained the crown by their own efforts .

What is a state ?
A form of gorvernment either repulican or princely .
all forms of organization of supreme political power

What type of government does the story talk about ?
Princedoms
Princedom

Which princedom is easiest to rule ?
An hereditary princedom
Heredity princedoms

What would cause a population to hate a prince who inherited his princedom ?
Extrodinary vices
Extraordinary vices

What groups does the story divide new states into ?
Mixed cases and purely new states
princedoms and republics

What other form of governement is mentioned throughout the story ?
Republics
monarchy

Why is it harder to rule a new princedom ?
The new ruler is n't established and does n't know the customs..
His subjects are not naturally well disposed towards him .

How do subjects treat an hereditary prince ?
They naturally like him .
He will be well received .

Why are republics favored in the story ?
They have many strengths .
it is a type of princedom with many strenghs

What type of prince will a population most easily accept ?
One who inherits his princedom .
Xenophon

