How many nobles did the abbey house besides Prince Prospero ?
1,000
1,000

Why did the nobles take refuge in the abbey ?
To avoid contracting the Red Death .
To escape the red death

How did Prince Prospero die ?
He came face to face with the guest in the blood-splattered robe , the Red Death .
The embodiment of the Red Death kills him .

Who was the guest in the blood-splattered robe ?
The Red Death
The Red Death itself .

When the guest in the blood-splattered robe was unmasked , what was underneath ?
Nothing
The Red Death .

What would happen every time the clock chimed ?
Everybody would stop talking or dancing , and the orchestra would stop playing .
Everyone stops talking and dancing and the orchestra stops playing music .

What happened when the clock struck midnight ?
A guest in blood-splattered robes and a mask , with signs of the Red Death appeared .
they notice a figure in a dark robe

How do the inhabitants of the Abbey besides Prince Prospero die ?
They died by the Red Death .
They Contract the disease

What weapon did Prospero have when he pursued the guest in the blood-splattered robes ?
A dagger
A dagger .

What was done to the doors in order to prevent entry into the abbey ?
They were welded shut .
They are welded .

Why did Prospero hide in the Abby ?
Avoid Red Death
to escape the red death

Where does the Prince trap the mysterious masked being ?
In the seventh room .
In the seventh room .

What did Prospero find under the brings mask ?
Nothing
Nothing

At what time does Prospero see the masked being ?
Midnight .
The chiming of midnight .

Why are people afraid to go into the last room of the Abby ?
The seventh rooms red light and colored glass windows create a blood red appearance .
Its dark and scary

What takes place hourly that stops allusic , dancing and talking ?
The clock chime s .
A clock chiming .

How many nobles are with Prince Prospero ?
1,000
1000

How quickly does the Red Death kill the victims ?
Within a half hour .
Within half an hour .

How is the last room in the Abby lite ?
A Red light .
It was lit by a scarlet light

What does the last line in the story say ?
That the red Death keep everyone in fear of drying .
Darkness and Decay and the Red Death held illimitable domination over all .

Who is Prospero ?
He is a prince .
A prince .

Where did Prospero take refuge from the Red Death ?
In a castellated abbey .
In the castellated abbey .

What was the Red Death ?
A plague with gruesome symptoms .
A plague .

How many courtesans joined Prospero in refuge ?
One thousand .
1000

What event did Prospero plan to entertain his guests ?
A masquerade ball .
A masquerade ball .

How was the last chamber decorated ?
It was decorated in black and was illuminated a deep blood color due to the stained glass windows .
Black with a red light

What was the large clock made of ?
Ebony .
made of ebony

What happened at midnight ?
A figure in a dark , blood stained robe appeared .
A mysterious masked man appeared .

How did Prospero react to the stranger ?
He was angry and demanded to know his identity .
lets out a sharp cry and falls dead .

What happened to Prospero and his guests ?
They contracted and succumbed to the disease .
They die .

