Where did Jake LaMotta first see his future wife Vikki ?
At an outdoor swimming pool in Bronx , New York
Bronx

Why was Jake LaMotta suspended from boxing after the bout with Billy Cox ?
He was suspected of having purposely lost the fight .
For not putting up a fight .

What happened to the jewels from Jake s Middleweight Championship belt ?
He sold them to try to bribe his way out of going to jail .
He tried to use them as a bribe to stay out of prison .

In the story , what was the status of Jake Lamotta s boxing career in 1951 ?
It went downhill and he lost his title .
It is beginning to decline

In the 1943 rematch between Jake and Sugar Ray Robinson , what did Jake believe was the reason the judges decided in favor of Robinson ?
Because Robinson was scheduled to enlist in the Army the next week .
Because he was enlisting into the US Army

In the story , how does Jake know Salvy Batts ?
He is one of his brother Joey s mafia connected friends .
Through his Mafia connections

How long did Jake spend in prison for his crime ?
About a year .
1 year .

What did Jake do for a living once he moved to Miami ?
He ran a nightclub .
works at his nightclub

When the story begins and ends , what is Jake Lamotta doing ?
Preparing to do a comedy routine .
boxing

To what US city did Jake Lamotta retire after losing his title ?
Miami , Florida
Miami

What is the real reason why Joey thinks Robinson won ?
Because he is enlisting in the US army .
Because he is leaving for the Army in a week .

How old is Vikki when Jack first meets her ?
15
15 years

Why is Jake suspended by the board of suspicion ?
For throwing the fight .
For throwing a fight .

Who does Jake lose his title to ?
Sugar Ray .
Sugar ray robinson

Why does Jake beat up Joey ?
For sleeping with Vikki .
he believes he slept with his wife .

Why is Jake arrested at the club ?
For introducing men to underage girls .
He is arrested for having female minors in his club .

Where does Jake and his family move to ?
Miami
Miami

What does Vikki threaten Jake with is she comes near him after asking for a divorce ?
She will call the cops .
She will call cops

What does Jake chant when he told the auditorium he is about to perform in is crowded ?
Im the boss .
I m the boss

In what year did Jake Lamotta suffer his first boxing match loss ?
Jake loses his first match in 1941
1941

Where does Jake meet Vicki ?
At a neighborhood pool in the Bronx .
At the swimming pool .

What year do Vicki and Jake get married ?
1947
1947

Who is Joey Lamotta ?
Jake s brother
A boxer

Who is Joey s mafia connection ?
Salvy Batts
Como

Why is Jake suspended from boxing ?
Suspicion of throwing a fight
throwing the fight

Who does Jake beat to win the middleweight championship title in 1949 ?
Marcel Cedan
Marcel Cerdan

Why does Jake assault his brother Joey ?
Jake believes Vicki and Joey had an affair
Jake assaults Joey because he assumed that Joey had an affair with his wife .

Where do Jake and his family move in 1956 ?
Miami , Florida
They move to Miami .

