What was the original topic of Ed s first picture ?
Sex changes
A sex change

What does the title of Ed s first picture get changed to ?
Glen or Glenda
Bride of the Monster

What popular news motivates Ed to contact Weiss ?
The news of the first sex change
Weiss trying to buy the film rights to Christine Jorgensons life story

How does Ed attempt to finance his second picture ?
Self-funding
Ed met a woman named Loretta King who he thought would be able to help .

After struggling with drug and financial problems , what does Bela Lugosi decide to do ?
He decides to commit suicide
He attempts to commit double-suicide .

What was the original title of Bride of the Monster ?
Bride of the Atom ?
Bride of the Atom

What was the profession of Bela s stand-in for Plan 9 ?
Chiropractor
Chiropractor

Why do Ed and the Baptists conflict over the making of Plan 9 ?
Ed insisting upon the title of Grave Robbers from Outer Space , casting decisions , bad production , and Ed s transvestism
The content of the script and the movie s title

Who funds Plan 9 ?
A Baptist church
A church leader named Reynolds

What do Ed and Kathy do at the end of the story ?
They go to Vegas to get married
The go to get married in Las Vegas .

Who is Ed s idol who begins working in Ed s works ?
Bela Lugosi
Bela Lugosi .

Why does Ed think he is perfect to direct I Changed My Sex ?
He is a transvestite .
Ed is a transvestite .

Who is the psychic that gives Ed advice on how to sell himself better ?
The Amazing Criswell
The Amazing Criswell

What causes Bela to consider suicide ?
the government cuts off his unemployment
His unemployment is cut off by the government

Who does Ed marry at the end of the story ?
Kathy O'Hara
Kathy .

Why does Dolores break up with Ed ?
She ca n't handle his transvestitism .
She does not like his friends , work and the fact that he is a transvestite .

What ends up being the title to Ed s project that was formerly known as Bride of the Atom ?
Bride of the Monster
Bride of the Monster

What happens when Ed and company attend the Bride of the Monster premier ?
They are chased out of the theater by an angry mob .
Delores breaks up with Ed

Who is the protagonist of the story ?
Ed Wood
Ed Wood .

Who does Ed run into at a bar when shooting the project Plan 9 from Outer Space ?
Orson Welles
Orson Welles

Who does Ed cast as the lead in Bride of the Atom ?
Loretta King
Kathy

Why does Ed cast Loretta as the lead in Bride of the Atom ?
Because he thinks that she has money
He thinks that she is rich and can fund his movie .

Who does Ed convince to fund his project ?
Don McCoy
Don McCoy

Who does Ed marry in Las Vegas ?
Kathy
Kathy O Hara

Where does Ed meet Orson Welles ?
At a bar
At a bar after a dispute with his colleagues over a film .

Who change the name of the project ?
The funders
The Amazing Chiswell

Who does Ed become friends with ?
Bela Lugosi
Bela Lugosi

What are the requirements for Ed s projects ?
That they are a certain length of time long
They star Tony and end with an explosion

What is the name of the psychic ?
The Amazing Criswell
The Amazing Criswell

