What did Sidney Falco do for a living ?
He was a Manhattan press agent .
Press Agent

Who s relationship was Falco suppose to break up ?
Susan Hunsecker and Steve Dallas .
Susan and Steve Dallas

When given one last chance , how did Falco plan to break up Susan and Steve ?
He was going to plant a story in a rival newspaper s column .
He publishes a fake story about Dallas in a rival newspaper

What does J.J. Hunsecker do after Dallas insults him because he was enraged ?
He has him arrested and beaten by a corrupt police officer .
Has marijuana planted on him and has him arrested .

Who was the corrupt police officer who arrested Dallas ?
Lt. Harry Kello .
Lt. Kello

What did Falco find when he was called to Hunsecker s apartment ?
Susan Hunsecker trying to commit suicide .
Susan

What does Falco realize after being told by J.J. Hunsecker that he had not called him to the apartment ?
He realizes that Susan was the one who called .
Susan placed the call to bring the men together

What does Falco reveal to Susan about J.J. Hunsecker ?
He tells her that J.J. broke them up and ruined Dallas reputation .
He reveals that her brother made him ruin her brother .

Where did Kello catch Falco after he fled ?
In Time Square .
Times Square

Why was J.J. upset when his sister left his apartment to return to Dallas ?
She told him death was better than living with him and that she pitied him .
He did n't want his sister to be with Dallas . She d also just claimed to have intended to commit suicide . And his sister had orchestrated a scuffle between J.J. and Falco .

Why is Falco having problems with his clients at the beginning of story ?
His boss is punishing him for breaking a promise .
He ca n't get them mentioned in Hunsecker s newspaper column .

What does Falco s boss want him to do ?
To ruin his sister s relationship with her boyfriend Dallas .
Break up the romance between the boss s sister and a musician called Steve Dallas

What rumor does Falco publish in a rival newspaper ?
That Dallas is a Communist that is addicted to drugs .
Dallas is a dope smoking communist

Why does Susan break up with Dallas ?
In order to protect Dallas from her brother .
To protect him from her brother .

What part of Hunsecker s plan does Falco refuse to be part of ?
Having drugs planted on Dallas and having him arrested by crooked cops .
To have marijuana planted on Dallas in order to ruin him

What makes Falco change his mind about planting drugs on Dallas ?
Hunsecker promises to let Falco take control of his newspaper column .
Hunsecker promises to give him his newspaper column .

What does Falco discover when he arrives at Hunsecker s penthouse ?
Susan is about to commit suicide .
Susan trying to kill herself .

How does Hunsecker respond when he finds Susan and Falco together in his penthouse ?
Hunsecker attacks Falco .
He accuses Falco of trying to assault his sister and starts beating Falco

Why does Hunsecker send Kello after Falco ?
Because Falco told his sister that he was responsible for destroying her relationship with Dallas .
Falco told Susan Hunsecker ordered hime to destroy Dallas s reputation and their relationship .

Susan says that she would rather die than what ?
Live with her brother .
continue living with her brother

What is the name of J.J. Hunsecker s press agent ?
Sidney Falco
Sidney Falco

What is the relationship between J.J. Hunsecker and Susan ?
Susan is his sister .
they are brother and sister

What is the occupation of Steve Dallas ?
Steve Dallas is a muscian
Jazz guitarist .

What is the relationship between Susan and Dallas ?
Dallas is Susan s boyfriend .
they are dating

What does J.J. Hunsecker want Sidney Falco to do for him ?
Breakup the romance between Susan and Dallas
Break up Hunsecker s sister and her boyfriend .

What does Falco slip into Dallas ' pocket at the nightclub ?
Marijuana cigarettes
Marijuana cigarettes

Who accosted Dallas outside of the nightclub ?
Lt. Harry Kello
Lt. Harry Kello ( Emile Meyer )

Who asked Falco to come to Hunsecker s penthouse ?
Susan
Susan

Why did Falco grab Susan ?
To prevent her from committing suicide .
Falco grabbed Susan to stop her from committing suicide .

Why did Susan breakup with Dallas ?
To protect him from her brother .
To save him from her brother .

