What was the occupation of Madeleine Lee s Father ?
Clergyman .
a clergyman

At the tim of introduction how long had Madeleine been a widow ?
Five years .
5 years

Before moving to Washington where did Madeleine used to live ?
New York .
New York City

What is the name of Madeleine s Sister with who she moves to Washington with ?
Sybil Ross .
Sybil Ross

Of the two men romantically interested in Madeleine what is the name of the man truly and deeply inlove with her ?
John Carrington .
John Carrington

Why does Silas Ratcliffe wish to marry Madeleine ?
To advance his political carrer .
Ratcliffe wishes to marry Madeleine to further his political career .

How does Ratcliffe manage to get rid of John Carrington ?
Secures a post for him abroad .
by sending him abroad for work

What is the name of Ratcliffes arch rival ?
Baron Jacobi .
Baron Jacobi .

Which middle eastern country does Madeline wish to travel to ?
Egypt .
Egypt

Who is the daughter of the clergyman ?
Madeleine Lee
Madeleine Lee

What made Madeleine decide to go to Washington ?
She was bored by new york society ?
To be close to the hub of politics and because New York society bores her .

What is Sybil s Relation to Madeleine ?
Sister
Sybil is Madeleine s sister

Between Ratcliffe and Carrington , who decides to get rid of whom ?
Ratcliffe decides to get rid of Carrington
Ratcliffe conspires to get rid of Carrington .

What does Carrington leave behind ?
a sealed letter
Carrington leaves behind a sealed letter accusing Ratcliffe of being corrupt .

What is Jacobi s relationship to Ratcliff ?
Arch Enemy
His enemy .

What is Jacobi s occupation ?
Bulgarian Minister
Bulgarian minister .

Where does Madeleine wan to go abroad ?
Egypt
Egypt .

What does Sybil send Carrington ?
A Letter
a letter

What did Madeleine lose five years ago ?
husband and baby
Her husband and her baby .

Why does Madeleine Lee go to Washington ?
She wants to be close to the hub of politics .
To escape the boardem of NYC society and be close to the center of politics

Why does John Carrington want to marry Madeleine Lee ?
He wants to marry her because he is in love with her .
He loves her .

Why does Silas P. Ratcliffe want to marry Madeleine Lee ?
Because it would help his political career .
Marrying Madeleine Lee would drastically improve his station in life .

Who is the arch-enemy of Silas P. Ratcliffe ?
Baron Jacobi , the Bulgarian minister .
Baron Jacobi

Why ca n't John Carrington refuse the post abroad secured for him by Silas P. Ratcliffe ?
Because the job pays well and Carrington s family has very little money .
Because it was a high paying job . His family had little money .

Why does Silas P. Ratcliffe secure a post abroad for John Carrington ?
Ratcliffe wants to get rid of Carrington so that he can marry Madeleine Lee .
So that he can her for himself .

With whom does Madeleine Lee travel to Washington ?
Sybil Lee
She travels with her sister , Sybil Ross .

Who is Sybil Lee to Madeleine Carrington ?
Her sister .
her sister

What does Sybil Lee tell John Carrington that he should do when she and Madeleine Lee return from their tour abroad ?
He should try again to win Madeleine Lee s heart .
That he should try to win over her sisters heart after they return from their tour .

What does John Carrington accuse Silas P. Ratcliffe of in the letter he leaves for Madeleine Lee ?
Carrington accuses Ratcliffe of being corrupt .
Being corrupt

