Who murders Sylvia ?
Blue Dick
Blue Dick .

What is the name of the Blackadders ' guide on their journey to California ?
Woboga
Woboga

Where does Clara end up at the end of the story ?
The east coast
The East Coast .

Which Indian tribe is the antagonist of the story ?
The Cheyenne
Cheyenne .

What is Yellow Chief s real identity ?
Blue Dick
Blue Dick

Which mountain range are the Blackadders attacked in ?
The Rocky Mountains
Rocky Mountains

Why did the Blackadders sell their plantation ?
Bankruptcy
They had become bankrupt .

Where do the Blackadders plan to go after selling their plantation ?
California
California

Who does Clara marry ?
Edward O'Neill
O'Niel

Who tells Blue Dick that he is related to Clara ?
Old Nan
Old Nan

Who is Blue Dick s sister ?
Clara is Blue Dick s sister .
Clara Blackadder .

Why is the punishment of the pump used ?
It is used to punish slaves who disobey Blackadder s plantation rules .
as revenge over a Sylvia

Who are Clara s two brothers ?
Blount Blackadder and Blue Dick are Clara s brothers .
Blount Blackadder ; Blue Dick

After leaving Mississippi , where did the Blackadders settle down ?
They settle down in California .
California

How is Yellow Chief s true identity revealed ?
Mr. Snivley see s him wash off his war paint .
he washes off his war paint

Why does Edward O'Neil decide to attack Yellow Chief ?
He is still in love with Clara and wants to rescue her from Yellow Chief s capture .
because he is holding Clara captive

What two people are murdered in the story ?
Sylvia and Squire Blackadder are murdered in the story .
Yellow Chief and Squire Blackadder .

Does Blue Dick forget what the Blackadder family did to him ?
Five years later he seeks revenge on the family .
no

What is the relationship between Blue Dick and Blount Blackadder ?
They are brother although they were not aware .
They are blood siblings .

What substance is involved in delivering the pain in the punishment of the pump ?
It is a stream of cold water
cold water from the pump

Who is Blue Dick s father ?
He is Squire Blackadder .
Squire Blackadder

Who does Blue Dick turn out to be by the end of the story ?
He is impersonating a Native American named Yellow Chief .
Yellow Chief .

Why do the characters not recognize Blue Dick s secret identity ?
Because he is wearing war paint .
His war paint .

Woboga is a Choctaw , but what is his secret purpose ?
To deliver the group into the hands of the Cheyenne led by Yellow Chief .
he is a spy for Yellow Chief

Why does Yellow Chief plan against the Blackadder family ?
As revenge for punishment he received from them as a slave .
Because the Blackadders punished him as their slave .

How many brothers does Clara have ?
She has two brothers , Blount and Blue Dick .
2

What biblical process is Blount s punishment at the hands of Yellow Chief intended to emulate ?
It is supposed to resemble crucifixion .
crucifixion

Where does Clara end up at the end ?
She lives on the east cost .
on the east coast

The group that rescues the emigrants consists of Lije , Edward and who else ?
The third member of the group is Black Harris .
Black Harris .

