Where is the US contingent located ?
On Ark 4 .
the Ark 4

Why ca n't Jackson stop in Hawaii ?
Hawaii has been engulfed by lava .
Hawaii was covered in lava .

Who does Helmsey present his information to ?
To the White House Chief of Staff and the President of the United States of America .
Satnam Surtani

What is heating Earth s core ?
Neutrinos from a heat solar flare .
Neutrinos from a big solar flare

How many arks were built ?
Nine .
nine

Which city is engulfed with Yellowstone cloud ash ?
Las Vegas .
Las Vegas

Who started a secret project to protect humanity ?
U.S. President Wilson and other world leaders .
US President Thomas Wilson

How many people can each ark hold ?
100,000 people .
100,000 people

What does California sink into ?
The Pacific Ocean .
The Pacific Ocean .

Why does Jackson and his family fly back to Yellowstone ?
To retrieve a map that shows the arks ' location .
To retrieve a map with the arks ' locations .

What is Adrian s job ?
Geologist .
Geologist

What is causing the Earth s core to heat ?
Neutrinos from a solar flare .
Neutrinos from a solar flare

How many people can the arks hold ?
100,000 people .
100,000 people each .

What does Jackson and his children do when they find the fenced off area in Yellowstone ?
They climb over the fence .
They climb the fence into the area

How many arks were completed when Ardian learns the disaster is coming sooner than expected ?
Three .
Three

According to Charlie , what happened to anyone who attempted to inform the public of the coming catastrophe ?
They were killed .
They were killed

Why does Jackson and his family return to Yellowstone ?
To retrieve a map of the ark locations .
To retrieve a map of the arks ' location

Why is Yuri s plan to refuel in Hawaii cut short ?
Hawaii is engulfed in lava .
Hawaii is covered in lava .

What prevents Ark 4 s engines from starting ?
An impact driver is lodged in the ark-door gears .
A boarding gate being open .

Who dislodges the tool to help the crew of Ark 4 regain control of the ark ?
Jackson and Noah .
Jackson and Noah .

What American Geologist visits Satnum Surtani in India ?
Adrian Helmsley
Adrian Helmsley

Whom does Helmsley present his information to at the White House ?
Chief of Staff , Carl Anheuser
The Chief of Staff , Carl Anheuser

What does China and the G8 Nations begin building in 2010 ?
Nine arks
Nine arks

How is funding raised ?
Selling tickets
By selling tickets for the arcs

Who is the First daughter and art expert to help load the arks ?
Laura Wilson
Laura Wilson

Who is the chauffeur for the Russian billionaire , Yuri Karpov ?
Jackson Curtis
Jackson Curtis

What does Adrian realize after Jackson and his children leave the park ?
That the earth is about to undergo drastic changes much earlier than expected .
That the earth was changing much sooner than predicted

Why did they fly to back to Yellowstone to see Charlie ?
To retrieve a map of the ark s locations
To get a map from him .

Adrian , Carl and Laura fly on what to the arks locations ?
Air Force One
Air Force One .

Why does President Wilson stay in the capital ?
To address the nation for the last time
He stays to address the nation during the catastrophes

