Who does the Spanish King decide to make his queen ?
He chooses Paulina
Paulina .

Who tries to convince the King to change his mind ?
Balthazar the soldier
Medina

Why does Balthazar pretend to follow through with the Queen s orders to kill Onaelia ?
Because he is loyal to her
Because he is the king s noble soldier .

Who does Balthazar tell regarding the queen s wish to kill Onaelia and her son ?
Medina
Medina .

How does Medina hide who he really is ?
He dresses up as a French doctor
He disguises himself as a French doctor .

How is Onaelia related to Medina ?
Onaelia is Medina s niece
She s his niece .

Who does the king propose that Onaelia marry ?
He proposes Cockadillio
Cockadillio .

How does the queen decide to kill Onaelia ?
She decides to poison her drink
She tries to poison her .

Who ends up drinking from the poisoned cup ?
The king
the King

Who does the king appoint as his successor while he is dying ?
Sebastian
Sebastian .

Before marrying Paulina , the king of Spain has a relationship with which woman ?
The king of Spain has a relationship with Onaelia before he marries Paulina .
Onaelia

What is the name of the noble Spanish soldier mentioned in the title of this passage ?
The noble Spanish soldier is named Balthazar .
Balthazar .

Which of the king of Spain s partners does Balthazar think the king should have married ?
Balthazar believes that the king of Spain should have married Onaelia .
Onaelia

What does Count Malatesta suggest that Queen Paulina do to win the favor of the people of Spain ?
Count Malatesta suggests that Queen Paulina pretend to be pregnant .
That she pretend to be pregnant .

Though Balthazar pretends to go along with the plan to kill Onaelia , to whom does he reveal this plan ?
Balthazar reveals the plan to murder Onaelia to her uncle , the Duke of Medina .
Medina .

Who gains an audience with the king of Spain by dressing as a French doctor ?
The Duke of Medina/Onelia ' uncle speaks with the king of Spain .
Balthazar

Which character first comes up with a plan to kill Onaelia ?
Queen Penelope comes up with a plan to kill Onaelia .
The Queen

Who does Onaelia marry instead of the king of Spain ?
Onaelia ends up married to Cockadillio .
Cockadillio

Who drinks from the cup of poison meant for Onaelia ?
The king of Spain drinks from the poisoned cup meant for Onaelia .
The King

Who is Sebastian ?
Onaelia s son
Onaelia s son

Who becomes the Spanish queen ?
Paulina
Paulina .

Why did Paulina want the duke of Medina s niece killed ?
she saw Onaelia as a rival
She considers her a rival .

What was being threatened if the Spanish king did not reunite with Onaelia ?
civil war
Civil war .

Why did the Count encourage Paulina to pretend she was pregnant ?
so the Spanish people would support her more
To make Spain feel sorry for them .

How did Balthazar react to the queen s desire to kill Onaelia and Sebastian ?
he pretended to agree
Accepts the plan , but goes and tells them as he is loyal to Onaelia

How did the duke of Medina plan to get close to the king ?
by pretending to be a French doctor
He disguised himself as a French doctor .

Where did the queen plan to kill Onaelia ?
at her wedding
During the marriage ceremony .

When was Sebastian given the Spanish crown ?
as the king was dying
When the dying king passed on his crown to him .

What happened to Paulina after her plan to kill Onaelia ?
she was sent back home , to Florence
Sent back to Florence

