What does St. Augustines work outline ?
His conversion to Christianity .
The work outlines his life , including his sins and immoral leadings .

What is St. Augustine writing about ?
His life .
His transformation to Christianity and the regrets of a sinful and immoral life .

Why was St. Augustines autobiography not complete ?
He wrote it in his 40 s . but lived long after that .
It was written in his early 40 s and he went on to write other works

St. Augustine regrets having led what kind of life ?
A sinful and immoral one .
A sinful and immoral lifestyle .

What religion does St. Augustine regret following ?
Manichaean
St. Augustine regrets following the Manichaean religion .

What does Nebridius persuade St. Augustine in believing about astrology ?
That it s incorrect and evil .
It is not correct and evil .

What was the title based on ?
Psalms of David
The title was based on St. Augustine s confessions of his own transgressions .

What was St Ambroses role in his life ?
Conversion to Christianity .
He converted Augustine to Christianity

Besides his autobiography , what else did he write ?
The last four were commentary .
City of God .

What St Augustines writes symbolizes various aspects of what belief ?
Trinity and trinitarian .
The Trinity and trinitarian belief .

Who was sinful during his youth ?
St. Augustine .
St. Augustine

What was St. Augustine convert to ?
He was convert to Christianity .
St. Augustine was converted to Christianity .

What was widely seen as the first autobiography ever wrote ?
The work outlines .
Confessions by St. Augustine

What did st. Augustine wrote about ?
Regret having a sinful and immoral life .
Himself

How does the title begin ?
For thy has made us for thy self .
He discusses his regrets .

How many people were the title base on ?
Two .
The title was based on one man , St. Augustine .

What kind of sorrow did St. Augustine showed for his sexual sins ?
Intense sorrow .
Intense sorrow

What transition happens in Augustine s life ?
His rise from sinner to Saint
He converts to Christianity

What type of writing is the narrative characterized as ?
An Autobiography
autobiography

In what centuries does the narrative occur ?
4th and 5th
4th and 5th

How does Augustine feel about his youth ?
he regrets having lived a sinful and immoral life
he regrets his sin and immorality

What religion did Augustine follow before converting to Christianity ?
the Manichaean religion
Manichaean

What did Nebridius feel about astrology ?
It was evil
He believed that astrology was incorrect and evil

Accroding to Augustine , who played a pivotal role in his conversion to Christianity ?
St. Ambrose
St. Ambrose

What does Augustine say regarding sex ?
he speaks on the importance of sexual morality and abstinence
He has intense sorrow .

How are the narratives constructed ?
As prayers to God
Autobiography and commentary .

How does the Trinity play a role in the construction of the narrative ?
The work is divided into sections
the work is divisible into books which symbolize various aspects of the trilogy

