Which crew of the crew died first ?
Sixpack
Sixpack

How long was the undersea operation scheduled to last ?
6 months
Six months .

What did the crew remove from the Leviathan ?
a safe
a safe

Why was the Soviet ship purposely sunk ?
the mutagen experiment got out of control
there were mutant monsters on it

When did Bowman think she would experience the same thing that happened to Sixpack ?
when her hair began failing out
her hair started falling out

How many people were part of the crew ?
7
7

Which crew members drank the vodka from Leviathan ?
Sixpack and Bowman
Sixpack and Bowmen

Why did Martin say she could n't start the rescue attempt when the crew first asked for help ?
there s a severe storm on the surface of the water
storm

Who blew up the creature and killed it ?
Beck
Beck

What made Beck feel better after the helicopter took him back to the drilling platform ?
punching Martin in the face
punching Martin in the face

What reveals that Martin lied about delaying the crew s request for an emergency evacuation because of a hurricane ?
The conditions were calm and sunny when the survivors resurfaced from underwater .
Financial report

How is the creature finally destroyed ?
Beck throws a demolition charge into its mouth and it explodes .
it is blown up

Why was the Leviathan sank ?
The crew lost control of a human mutation experiment and purposely scuttled the vessel .
Its mutation experiment got out of control .

Who survives the mining operation ?
Beck and Williams .
Beck and Martin

How does Bowman die ?
She kills herself .
She kills herself .

How does Beck and Doc learn the Leviathan was scuttled ?
They reviewed the captain s video log found in the salvaged safe .
Reviewing the Captain s video log

What symptom did Sixpack exhibit the morning after he drank from the flask ?
He had lesions on his back .
He felt sick and had lesions on his back .

Why does Beck punch Martin after being rescued ?
He knows she purposely put the crew at risk and delayed rescue efforts .
Because she was n't sincere of their survival

Who sacrifices himself during the Coast Guard rescue of the surviving crew ?
Jones .
Jones

What did Williams discover from the Tri-Oceanic financial report ?
The company had declared the crew of the mining operation deceased .
It has declared them dead

How is Doc infected ?
Cobb mutates and infects Doc .
by drinking the vodka

What does Beck use to lure the beast ?
Beck uses a pint of his own blood .
A pint of his blood

Why was the Leviathan purposely sunk ?
The mutagen experiment could n't be controlled .
medical problems with the crew

How is it known that Beck knows Martin is a dangerous liar ?
Beck punches her in the face when she greets them on the platform .
Tri-Oceanic Corporation has declared them dead and labeled it as an accident

What is Leviathan ?
A Soviet shipwreck discovered during a mining expedition .
a Soviet ship

What reason does Martin give the crew for delaying their rescue ?
She says they have to wait for a hurricane to pass .
Hurricane

How does Bowman know she s sick ?
Her hair starts falling out .
Her hair starts falling out

How was Sixpack originally infected ?
He drank the vodka that was tainted with the mutagen he found in the safe .
By drinking vodka that had mutagens mixed in it .

What happens when the crew is throwing the corpses overboard ?
They discover the body bags are moving .
A tentacle is severed

Why does Doc disable the escape pods ?
To eliminate the risk of the mutagen reaching the surface if someone tried to escape using the pods .
So that no one can escape and risk infecting others with the mutagen

