What is the relationship between Rose and Norah ?
They are sisters .
They are sisters

What is the expense that causes Rose and Norah to go into business ?
Rose s son Oscar needs to go to private school .
40'000 for the house that Rose burnt down .

What physical deformation does Winston the shop keeper have ?
He has only one arm .
One-armed .

What type of business do Rose and Norah start ?
A crime scene cleanup business .
A cleaning business

What forces Sunshine Cleaning out of business ?
Norah accidentally burns down a house which costs them $ 40,000 .
they burnt down a house and went out of business

What is Lorkowski Cleaning ?
A cleaning business Rose s father starts and she becomes a partner in .
A new cleaning business Rose s father started .

How did Norah and Rose s mother die ?
She committed suicide .
She committed suicide .

What is Rose doing while Norah burns down their cleaning job house ?
She is attending a baby shower .
Attending a baby shower .

Who is Mac ?
Mac is Rose s ex-boyfriend and lover who is married to another woman .
Mac is Rose s ex-boyfriend .

When does Norah apologize to Rose for the house burning incident ?
At Oscar s Birthday .
at Oscars birthday

What does Rose Lorkowski do for a living ?
She works as a full-time maid .
full-time maid

Why was Rose s son Oscar expelled from his school ?
He had erratic behavior .
Erratic behavior

What job did Rose and Norah take as recommended by Mac ?
A crime scene cleanup job .
Crime scene clean-up .

What name did the sisters originally give their cleanup business ?
Sunshine Cleaning .
Sunshine Cleaning

Who did Norah meet and end up having a relationship with ?
Lynn , a client s daughter
Lynn

What kind of company gave the sisters a chance to obtain a breakthrough reputation ?
An insurance company .
Insurance

What happened to the house Norah was left to clean alone ?
It was set on fire and burned by an unattended candle .
It burns down .

How much debt did Sunshine Cleaning have to pay for the house damages ?
$ 40,000 .
40,000

When did Norah apologize to Rose ?
During Oscar s birthday party .
While at Oscar s birthday party .

Who became Rose s new business partner ?
Her father .
her underachieving sister

