On July 2nd of 1937 what were Amelia Earhart and Fred Noons up to ?
Flying on the last leg around the world ?
They were on an all-around the world flight

What does George Putnam help Earhart with ?
Writing a book chronicling her flight .
To write a book

Who does Earhart fall in love with ?
Putnam .
Gene Vidal

What does Earhart do in 1932 ?
Becomes the first woman pilot to fly alone across the Atlanta .
She flies across the Atlantic .

Who does Earhart end up having an affair with ?
Gene Vidal .
Gene Vidal

On Earhart s first attempt to fly around the world where does she end up crashing ?
Hawaii .
The Pacific Ocean

Going the opposite way around the world on her last attempt what did she leave for the end of the world ?
The dangerous crossing of the Pacific .
The trans pacific crossing

What does Earhart radio Itsaca ?
The sky has become overcast and clloudy .
That the sky has become cloudy and overcast .

What problem does Earhart have with Itsaca ?
She ca n't hear their radio communicators .
She ca n't hear their transmissions

After Earhart informs about her position line 157-337 what happens to her ?
She s never heard from again .
She is never heard from again

What year did Earhart make her final attempt to pilot an around-the-world flight ?
1937
1937

How did Earhart s first around-the-world flight attempt end ?
with a runway crash in Hawaii
Crash

Why did Putnam s wife attempt to set more records ?
she was embarrassed that her fame was based on someone else s effort
She was embarassed that she did n't set any of her OWN records .

Which major aviation record did Earhart set on her own in 1932 ?
becoming the first female pilot to fly across the Atlantic on her own
First female to fly alone

How was Earhart able to pay for all her flying ?
through celebrity appearances and endorsement
Celebrity appearances and endorsements

Why was Vidal not welcome in the Putnam home ?
because Putnam knew his wife had romantic feelings for VIdal
He was having an affair with Amelia

Which organization was the sponsor of Earhart s last flight ?
Purdue University
Purdue University

How did Earhart change her flight plan for her second attempt around the world ?
she took off in the opposite direction to her first attempt
Goes reverse

What was the last land mass Earhart was on before disappearing ?
Howland Island
Howland Island

Fred Noonan is what to Amelia Earhart ?
Navigator
Navigator

Amelia Earhart grew up in what state ?
Kansas
Kansas

Amelia Earhart is recruited by what publishing tycoon ?
George Putnam
George Putnam

George Putnam married what woman ?
Amelia Earhart
Amelia Earhart

Amelia Earhart is the first woman to do what ?
Cross the Atlantic Ocean .
First woman to fly solo across the Atlantic .

In what year did Amelia Earhart become the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
1932
In 1932 .

With whom did Amelia Earhart have an affair ?
Gene Vidal
Gene Vidal

How does Amelia Earhart s first attempt to fly around the world end ?
With a crash in Hawaii
She crashed on a runway in Hawaii .

What model plane did Amelia Earhart use in her attempt to fly around the world ?
Lockheed Model 10 Electra
A Lockheed Model 10 Electra .

What is the nam of the island Amelia Earhart was traveling to when last heard from ?
Itasca
Howland Island

