Who offers ways to improve London ?
Augusta
Augusta Triumphans

People who create ways to increase social improvement are called what ?
Projecting heads
Projecting heads .

What should these projecting heads focus on ?
Offering honest recommendations
Offering honest advice .

What group treats the projecting heads in the nastiest way ?
The English
The English .

Because of their treatment of the projecting heads , what are the English bad at ?
Inventions
Invention .

Who initially thinks up the idea of a London University ?
Andrew Moreton
Andrew Moreton

What do youths and servants need saving from ?
Moral Corruption
Moral corruption .

What would stop mother s from having abortions ?
A hospital
Foundling Hospital

What would stop the importing of foreign musicians ?
An academy of music
Creating a school for music

What would having paid body watchmen help to prevent ?
Street robbery
Street robbery

Which college does Andrew Moreton establish to oppose modern corruption of education ?
London University
University of London

What idea does Andrew Moreton reject in the final part of August Triumphans ?
His initial notion that London University be composed of only a hall or public room
His idea of founding a London university with only a hall or public room .

What date was the letter attached at the end of the pamphlet assigned to ?
September 23 1728
September 23 , 1728

What did section 2 of the 4 tiled schemes for social improvement ?
Preventing the importing of expensive foreign musicians from coming to London University
It called for the establishment of an academy of music .

Who was the letter attached at the end of the pamphlet addressed to ?
Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel Robinson
Lietenant-Colonel Samuel Robinson

Why was Andrew Moreton congratulating Samuel Robinson ?
For his election to the city of London
For being elected .

What did the entire piece Augusta Triumphans entail ?
Suggestions on improving the city of London .
Suggestions for the enhancement of the city of London

What is the final paragraph of Augusta Triumphans titled ?
Omissions
Omissions .

What is one of the social evils denounced by Andrew Moreton in section three ?
Gambling , or Prostitution
prostitution

What did Andrew Moreton call for in section 1 ?
A hospital
The establishment of a foundling hospital .

Why were women committed to a madhouse ?
If a woman had money but no husband or male to help her manage finances .
They were abused by their husbands

What reason is given for the failure of the English to innovate ?
Because they treat free thinkers with disdain .
treated badly

What purpose was Augustus Triumphans intended to serve ?
A written collection of new ideas to promote advancement and progress in London and to honor the intentions of its citizens .
to be a testimony of his good will to his fellow man

Why was the idea of a university as a small hall rejected ?
It was suggested that universities should be more like a college or large inn and provide places for book storage .
Students need to be able to study separately and also to store their books somewhere .

What reason does Moreton give for the importance of establishing a London university ?
To oppose modern corruption of learning and education .
to oppose the contemporary corruption of education

How is street robbery proposed to be curbed ?
Through moral education , installation of street lights and employing well trained , paid watchmen .
moral education , watchmen and lighting

Which social ills are identified as being necessary to denounce ?
Prostitution , gambling , drinking and other unwholesome activities on Sunday .
prostitution gambling

What would a real music academy due ?
Encourage development of home-grown musicians rather than foreigners .
Prevent the expensive importation of foreign musician .

What are youths and servants in need of being rescued from ?
Moral corruption .
Moral corruption .

What hospital is proposed ?
A foundling hospital to prevent abortion and the abandonment of babies .
A foundling hospital .

