Which mutant is the only mutant who escaped the Island ?
Gambit
Logan

What is the name of the mutant killer who is also a mutant ?
Weapon XI , or Deadpool
Deadpool

Who saves the mutants from the Island ?
Professor X/Professor Charles Xavier
Professor Charles Xavier

What caused Logan to develop his mutant powers as a child ?
Seeing his father murdered .
The trauma of witnessing his father s death

What form of execution were Logan and Victor sentenced to ?
Firing Squad
Firing squad

Where is William Stryker s facility located ?
On Three Mile Island .
the Island

Who does Logan blame for Kayla s death ?
His half-brother , Victor .
Victor

Why did Victor not receive the adamantium bonding ?
He would not survive .
Stryker denied Victor the adamantium bonding

What weapon causes Wolverine to lose consciousness ?
Adamantium Bullets
Adamantium bullets

What is the name of the team of mutants that Logan left ?
Team X
Team X

What is Thomas Logan s profession ?
Thomas Logan is a groundskeeper .
Groundskeeper

What is activated by the trama that James Howlett experiences when he sees Thomas Logan kill his father ?
James Howlett s mutation is activated by the trauma .
His mutation

How do James Howlett and Victor Creed spend the first century after they flee Canada ?
They are soldiers .
As soldiers

What does James Howlett change his name to when he initially he leaves Team X ?
He changes his name to Logan .
Logan

What is the name of Logan s girlfriend that he lives with while working as a lumberjack ?
His girlfriend s name is Kayla Silverfox .
Kayla

What does Logan tell a Japanese barmade in a post credits scene ?
He tells the barmaid that he is drinking to remember .
He is drinking to get his memory back .

How does Logan kill Zero ?
Logan takes down Zero s helicopter .
He takes down his helicopter .

Where does Logan find John and Fred after he kills Zero ?
Logan finds John and Fred at a boxing club .
a boxing club

What is the name of the team led by Major William Stryker ?
The name of the team is Team X .
Team x

Why does James leave Team X ?
Logan leaves because of the team s disregard for human life .
The team s disregard for human life

What country did James Howlett live in when he saw the groundskeeper kill his father ?
Canada
Canada .

What happened to James Howlett after he witnessed his father s murder by the groundskeeper ?
He started to transform into another being ... .bone claws protruded through his knuckles .
He begin mutation and killed the groundskeeper .

What does James Howlett do to his father s killer ?
Kills him .
He kills them

Who is the man who kills James Howlett s father ?
His real father , Thomas Logan .
James Howlett real father .

Who is Victor Creed to James Howlett ?
His half-brother
His half brother

What is the first war that James and Victor fight in ?
The American Civil War .
Civil War

When Victor and James are in Military custody , what does Major Stryker offer them membership to ?
Team X
Team X

Name two other people on Team X when Victor and James are invited to join ?
Any two : Agent Zero , Wade Wilson , John Wraith , Fred Dukes , Chris Bradley
John Wraith and Fred Dukes

What alias does James use when a member of Team X ?
Logan
Logan

Who is Kayla Silverfox to James ?
His girlfriend .
his girlfriend

