Why does Hector forget his wife and children ?
Because he has fallen in love with another slave .
He fell in love with another slave .

Why is Hector s master compelled to kill himself ?
Because he looses his fortune .
Compelled by his creditors .

What does Hector s first wife tell him when he is taken away ?
Do n't lose the children .
Do n't lose the children !

What is Hector s former master s occupation when they are in Scotland ?
He is a crusader .
A slave .

Who is Hector shipwrecked with ?
His first wife and her captor .
Hector is with his wife but she is a spurred lover .

Where is Hector shipwrecked ?
Africa
the ship is off the coast of Africa .

As a modern man , where does Hector live ?
New York
New York

As a modern man , what is Hector trying to accomplish ?
Repairing his relationship with his children .
Hector is trying to face his children .

What is Hector s occupation in Scotland ?
He is a crusader .
Crusader .

What is the first incarnation ?
A Caveman
As a caveman , Hector s wife is taken from him .

What is the Roman , the second incarnations , name ?
Hector
His name is Hector .

What Nationality is the Third Incarnation ?
Scottish
Scottish .

Why does the main character not want to join his soulmate and her family ?
his children
he feels duty-bound to his children in Scotland

What time period is the fourth incarnation set in ?
The Renaissance
Renaissance

Where is the character shipwrecked in the fourth incarnation ?
Africa
He is shipwrecked on the coast of Africa

Who else is shipwrecked with the main character in the fourth incarnation ?
His wife
his wife from his first life

Where does the fifth incarnation take place ?
New York
New York

What is the main characters wife s name ?
Janet
Janet

What profession does the slave master ponder over becoming in the third incarnation ?
A priest
Whether to become a priest .

In his first life , when Hector is a caveman , who takes his wife away when he is cowardly and hesitates ?
Raiders
raiders

In his first life , what does Hector s wife say to him as she is taken away from him ?
Do n't lose the children
Do not lose the children .

What is Hector s role in the second incarnation ?
A slave in Ancient Rome
A slave .

What happens to Hector s master in Ancient Rome ?
He loses his fortune and his creditors compel him to kill himself .
he loses his fortune and is forced by his creditors to commit suicide

In his third life Hector is a Scottish crusader traveling with who ?
The master from his life in the Ancient Rome .
His foolish master from his second incarnation .

When a crusader in his third life , where is Hector trying to go ?
Home to his children in Scotland .
back to his children in Scotland

Who asks Hector to join her family in his 3rd incarnation ?
His soul mate from his second life in Rome , who is now a widow .
a fellow slave he d fallen in love with in his second incarnation

Where does Hector become shipwrecked in his 4th incarnation ?
Off the coast of Africa .
The coast of Africa

What city is Hector living in in his 5th incarnation ?
New York
New York

In his 4th life , who is Hector s wife s steadfast friend ?
The raider who captured her in the 1st incarnation .
the raider who took her in his first life

