Whose advice does Dionysus seek in order to find a path to Hades ?
Heracles
Heracles

What task does Charon do for Dionysus ?
ferries him across the lake
He takes Dionysus across the river .

Why does Aeacus mistake Dionysus for Heracles ?
his similar attire
Because of Dionysus ' clothes .

How does Xanthias betray Dionysus while having switched clothes with him ?
He offers Dionysus over for torturous questioning as if Dionysus is his slave .
He offers Dionysus as a slave to Aeacus

Who does Euripides want to challenge for the seat of Best Tragic Poet at Pluto s table ?
Aeschylus
Aeschylus

How does Dionysus redeem himself from his being the butt of every joke at the beginning of the story ?
He adjudicates the contest between Euripides and Aeschylus well .
He serves as a good judge for the Best Tragic Poet contest .

What object is used to end the debate in the Best Tragic Poet contest ?
a balance
A balance .

Who does Aeschylus choose as the new Best Tragic Poet at Pluto s table ?
Sophocles
Sopchocles

Why did Dionysus go to Hades ?
He was going to bring Euripides back from the dead .
to bring Euripides back from the dead

Who does Dionysus talk to about how to get to Hades ?
Dionysus talks to his half brother Heracles .
Heracles , his half-brother .

Who does Dionysus take with him on the trip to Hades ?
Dionysus takes Xanthias who is a slave .
Xanthias .

Why does Dionysus pick Xanthias to go along with him to Hades ?
Dionysus take Xanthias because he is smarter and much braver than he is .
Xanthias is smart

Why was n't Xanthias allowed to ride on the ferry ?
Xanthias was not allowed because he was a slave .
Because he is a slave .

How does Dionysus pick the winner of the contest ?
Dionysus decides to pick the poet that has the best advice on how to save the city .
He picks who gives the best advice on how to save the city .

Who does Aeschylus say should take his chair while he is not there ?
Sophocles
Sophocles .

In the beginning of the play , what does Xanthias and Dionysus argue about ?
They argue over what jokes Xanthias will open up with .
What jokes Xanthias should tell .

What does Euripides challenge Aeschylus for ?
Euripides challenges Aeschylus for the seat at Pluto s dinner table called Best Tragic Poet .
the seat of best tragic poet

Who does Dionysus want to bring back from the dead ?
Euripides
Euripides .

Where does Dionysus travel to retrieve Euripides from ?
Hades
Hades .

Who is Dionysus s half brother ?
Heracles
Heracles

Where does the battle for the best tragic poet occur ?
At the table of Pluto
At Pluto s dinner table .

Who gets the chair while Aeschylus is gone ?
Sophocles
Sophocles

Which poet gave the best advice about how to revive a city ?
Aeschulys
Aeschylus .

Who is the judge of the best tragic poet contest ?
Dionysis
Dionysus .

What does Dionysus have a great knowledge of ?
Greek tragedy
He has a deep understanding of Greek Tragedy

Who are people mad at ?
Heracles
Some people are angry at Heracles .

