Where does the Truman show broadcast ?
Around the globe .
Around the globe and 24 hours a day .

Where does the Truman Show take place ?
Within a giant arcological dome in hollywood , california .
Seahaven , Florida .

How does Truman acts differently from what Christof expected ?
He falls in love with Sylvia , instead of Meryl .
He chooses to conquor his fear and journey into the real world .

How does Christof make sure that Truman does not see Sylvia again ?
He tells her to tell Truman that her family is moving to Fiji .
He takes her off the set and tells Truman that she has gone to Fiji .

How does Christof make sure that Truman does not want to travel away from the dome ?
He makes the other actors make Truman scared of traveling and made his father die from a boating accident .
Aquaphobia and broadcasts about how traveling is dangerous .

Why was Meryl taken off of the show ?
She breaks down and goes out of character while arguing with Truman .
Because she has a breakdown and breaks character .

What happens when Truman recognizes his father ?
Christof has the actors drag him off of the set .
Actors drag his father away .

What caused audiences around the world to become suddenly extremely interested in the show ?
Truman starts to realize that his life is a set up and hides ; causing Christof to call the first transmission cut in the shows history .
first time the show had a transmission cut

What does Christof tell Truman about the world once Truman finds an escape ?
He tells him that there is no more truth in the world than what is inside the artificial world he has created for him .
There is no more truth in it than inside the dome .

What town did Truman believe he was a native of ?
Seahaven , Florida
Seahaven , Florida .

Why was Sylvia eventually brought out of the show ?
Truman fell in love with her .
for warning him that his reality was a show

How did Christof make Truman believe that he was afraid of the water ?
He made him believe that this was the cause of his father s death and constantly broadcasting and printing messages of the danger of travelling .
He tells him he was in a boating accident as a child that killed his father .

Why was Truman s wife taken off the show ?
She broke down because of stress .
Mental breakdown from stress .

What movement did Sylvia become a part of when she was out of the show ?
Free Truman campaign
the Free Truman campaign

What drastic move did Christof do that endangered Truman s life just to keep him in the show ?
He made a man-made lightning storm when Truman was on the water .
Caused a lightning storm while he was sailing .

What incidents did Truman notice that everything seemed centered on him ?
Falling spotlight , rain falling down only on him
rain and a spotlight that only falls on him

How did Truman escape Marlon and Christof ?
He disappeared through a makeshift tunnel .
A tunnel in his basement .

Where did the whole show actually take place ?
Hollywood
In a dome in Hollywood .

Whom did Christof bring back to give Truman stability after his wife left him ?
His father
His father .

Who is Truman Bubank ?
He is the star of a reality show called the Truman Show .
The unsuspecting star of The Truman Show .

What is unique about the Truman Show ?
It is televised 24/7 across the globe .
It follows an unknowing person for his entire life .

Where does the story take place ?
in the community of Seahaven , Florida .
Seahaven , Florida .

Why has Truman never left the confines of Seahaven ?
He has been diagnosed with aquophobia , thanks to the death of his father in a boating accident .
He is afraid of water .

Who does Truman fall in love with during college ?
A woman named Sylvia , an actor on the show .
Sylvia .

What does Truman fantasize about doing someday ?
About leaving Seahaven , Florida , and traveling to Fiji to search for Sylvia .
Seeing Sylvia again .

What happens when Truman and Meryl go on an impromptu road trip in Seahaven , Florida ?
They are met with numerous accidents and events staged by Christof to control Truman s life .
Their way is blocked by several accidents placed by the producer .

Why does Truman start questioning the events in his life ?
He sees his father on the set of the show , a man who was supposively dead .
He notices events that are only happening to him .

What does Marlon discover in Truman s basement ?
A hole that Truman used to escape into the town of Seahaven , without the cameras capturing his movements .
The tunnel he escaped from .

How does the story end ?
With Truman sailing a boat into the side of the dome he lives in and exiting to the real world beyond the bubble in pursuit of Sylvia .
he bows , and leaves

