Where was Sherman and Maria when they hit a teenager with their car ?
South Bronx
On their way back to Maria s apartment from the airport .

Why is Weiss interested in the car accident ?
winning the chase against Sherman could help with his re-election
to further his political career

How did Fallow learn the truth about who was driving during the hit-and-run accident ?
A woman he was dating provided him with details and proof
maria

Which two people still support Sherman as the trial is happening ?
Judge Leonard White and journalist Peter Fallow
Leonard White and Peter Fallow .

What job does Weiss want after he is DA ?
New York City Mayor
Mayor of New York City .

When did Maria pass out in court ?
after the the tape of her admitting she was the driver was played
After the tape was played

How did Sherman and Maria end up in the South Bronx ?
they took a wrong turn off the expressway
The took a wrong turn .

Why did Fallow initially become interested in the hit-and-run case ?
He saw it as a good story to cover to impress his boss
To make good with his editor .

Where were the recordings of Maria telling the truth about the accident made ?
in the apartment she was subletting
her apartment

What did Judge White accuse Reverend Bacon of really doing ?
race baiting
Engaging in race baiting .

What is Maria Ruskin ?
A souther belle gold digger
Southern Belle Gold Digger

How did Sherman and Maria get into the war zone of the South Bronx ?
The took a wrong turn on an expressway
wrong turn

Who is the alcoholic journalist that finds the hit and run story ?
Peter Fallow
Peter Fallow

How does Sherman play the convicting tape ?
Inside his briefcase .
tape recorder in his briefcase

What is Sherman referring to when he says it s all his ?
The dummy tape
The dummy tape

Who claimed to help disadvantaged Now Yorkers ?
Reverend Bacon
Reverend Bacon

What did the Judge do after he made his point at the end of the story ?
He let Sherman go
He let Sherman go

Who secretly supplied the information about the McCoy case to Sherman s lawyer ?
Fallow
A woman that Fallow is dating

Who supplied McCoy case information to Fallow ?
Maria s landlady
Maria s landlady

What did the tape Sherman played reveal ?
Maria perjured herself
Maria contradicting the evidence she had just given

When Sherman and Maria get lost in a bad part of town after leaving the JFK airport , where do they find themselves ?
The war zone of the South Bronx
South Bronx .

What happens when Sherman and Maria leave in a panic after moving a tire from the middle of the road ?
Maria backs over a teenager and puts him in a coma
they run over a teenager

Why is distric attorney Weiss looking for a white defendant ?
He wants to sentence a white defendant so minorities will believe him not be racist and relect him for another term
To convince the minority-majority community to re-elect him .

When Sherman loses his support , what two people remain sympathetic to his case ?
Judge Leonard White and Fallow
Leonard White and Peter Fallow .

What ends up implicating Maria as the main suspect in the crime ?
A tape recording of her contradicting her previous testiment
A tape recording

What city do the court events take place in ?
New York City
New York city

What career did Sherman have ?
A Wall Street investor
A Wall Street investor .

Who is the white defendant that distric attorney Weiss chooses to implicate ?
Sherman McCoy
sherman

What two minority groups does distric attorney Weiss end up prosecuting the most ?
Black and Puerto Rican
black and Puerto rican

What was the race of the teenagers who approached Sherman causing him and Maria to panic and drive off ?
Black
Black youths

