Where did William Thacker and Anna Scott meet ?
They met when she came into his book store .
at his shop

Who lives with William Thacker ?
A Welshman by the name of Spike .
Spike

What is Will mistaken for when he goes to visit Anna at the Ritz Hotel ?
He is mistaken for a journalist .
A journalist .

Who is Jeff King ?
He is Anna s American boyfriend who showed up unannounced .
An American film star .

What do Max and Bella do to help Will move on from Anna ?
They set Will up on a series of blind dates .
Set him up on dates

Why does Anna come to Will s house to hide out ?
She needs to hide because some nude photos of her were released and reporters are trying to find her .
Nude photos of her were released

Why does Will refuse to get back together with Anna after apologizes ?
He is convinced that they will just break up again and he could not stand to see her famous face everywhere .
Will says he ca n't handle another breakup

What is the present that Anna leaves for Will ?
The present is the original Marc Chagall painting that she saw a poster of at his home ( La Mariee ) .
the original La Mariee

Where does Will race off to catch Anna to proclaim his love ?
He races to Anna s press conference at the Savoy Hotel .
The Savoy Hotel

What does the montage show in their future at the end of the story ?
The story ends showing them married with a baby on the way .
Them getting married and Anna being pregnant .

What kind of store does Will own ?
A book store
An independent book store .

Who does Will live with ?
An eccentric and care free man named Spike
Spike

Why does Will ask Anna to come to his house the first time ?
He spilled his drink on her clothes and she needs to change
So she can change

What is Anna s profession ?
She s an actress
Acting

Where do Will and Anna go after him being mistaken for a journalist ?
His sister s birthday party
His sisters birthday party

Why does Will pretend to be a waiter in Anna s hotel room ?
Her boyfriend shows up unannounced
To avoid rousing the suspicion of Anna s boyfriend .

Why do Anna and Will break up the second time ?
Reporters find her at Will s house , and Spike answers the door in his underwear , and Anna is upset by the scandal that it will cause
Anna thinks Will desires publicity

What does Anna tell her costar about Will when he shows up to her set ?
That he is no one important
That he is a nobody .

Why does Anna tell her costar that Will is no one important ?
Because the costar is a gossip and she was being discreet
The costar is a gossiper

Who tells Will he is daft for turning Anna down ?
Spike
Spike .

What painting does Anna fall in love with ?
La MariĂŠe
La Mariee

How are the reporters notified of Anna s prince at Will s house ?
Spike was overheard at a pub
Spike blabbed about it .

Who does Will pretend to be when he gets to Anna s hotel and finds her boyfriend there ?
A room service waiter
A room service waiter

Who s birthday party does Anna attend with Will ?
His sister Honey
His sisters

What publication does Will pretend to work for ?
Horse & Hound
Horse & Hound

What is Will s profession ?
Bookstore owner
An independent bookstore owner

Why does Anna say she lied about Will when talking to her costar ?
The costar is a gossip
To be discreet

Which of Will s friends lambast him for leaving Anna ?
Spike
Spike .

Who sets Will up on a series of blind dates ?
Max and Bella
Max and Bella

Why is Anna upset when she shows up unexpectedly at Will s house ?
Nude photos of her had been leaked
Nude photos of her have been published .

