How did Boaz know Naomi ?
He knew her , because he was a close relative to her husband s family .
he was a close relative of Naomi s husband s family

Why did Boaz marry Ruth ?
It was Levirate law , and it was the only way to carry on his family s inheritance .
Levirate law required him to marry her .

Who is Ruth ?
Ruth is Mahlon s widow , and Naomi s daughter-in-law .
Mahlons wife

How did Ruth support her mother-in-law ?
She went to go work in the fields to glean .
She went to the fields to glean .

Why was Boaz nice to Ruth ?
Because he saw how kind she was being in order to support her mother-in-law .
Because he heard of her loyalty to her mother in law

What did Ruth tell Boaz when he asked who she was ?
She told Boaz that she was his handmaid .
That she was Ruth and a kinsman

Why did n't Ploni Almoni want to marry Ruth ?
He did n't want to jeopardize his inheritance .
He did n't want to jeopardize his inheritance .

What season did Ruth and Naomi return to Bethlehem ?
The beginning of the the Barley Harvest .
the beginning of the barley harvest

Who died within the 10 years that had passed after Naomi s husband died ?
Naomi s two sons ; Mahlon and Chilion .
Naomi s sons , Mahlon and Chilion

What made Naomi decide to return to Bethlehem ?
Her husband and both sons had all died .
Her two sons died .

What did Naomi instruct her daughters-in-law to do after she made this decision ?
She instructed them to return to their own mothers and remarry .
return to their own mothers and remarry

What type of work did Ruth engage in to support her and her mother ?
This was during the barley harvest so she was gleaning in the fields .
Harvested barley .

Why should Ruth s boss , Boaz , the owner of the field , feel an obligation to marry Ruth ?
Because he was a close kinsman and she a virtuous woman .
He was a close relative of Naomi s husbands fmaily

Who was Ploni Almoni ?
A closer relative to Ruth s husband than Boaz , therefore he was given first choice to take her or not .
A close male relative of Ruth and Naomi .

What did he do when he was informed of Ruth s identity ?
Ploni did n't want to jeopardize his own inheritance so he gave his rights to Boaz .
Talked to his friend

What region is Naomi from ? Ruth ?
Naomi is from Bethlehem , Ruth is from Moab .
Bethlehem

Who instructed Ruth to lay down at the feet of Boaz during the night and declare herself his handmaid ?
Naomi .
Naomi .

Why was Boaz kind to Ruth in the first place ?
Because he d heard of her kindheartedness in staying with and taking care of her mother-in-law .
Because she was Mahlons widow and he was obliged by Levirate law .

The story mentions that Ruth has at least one great-grandson of note . What is his name ?
David .
David

When did Ruth and Naomi return to Bethlehem ?
at the beginning of the barley harvest
After Ruth s husband died , at the beginning of the barley harvest .

Who was Ruth s first husband ?
Mahlon
Mahlon .

Why did Ploni Almoni decide not to marry Ruth ?
Because he was unwilling to jeopardize the inheritance of his own estate .
unwilling to jeopardize the inheritance of his own estate

Who is Ruth s grandson ?
Jesse
Jesse

Under which law was Boaz obliged to marry Ruth ?
Levirate law .
right of redemption

Who was Naomi s late husband ?
Elimelech
Emelich

In what country did Naomi s sons and husband die ?
Moab
israel

How is Orpah related to Naomi ?
Orpah is Naomi s daughter in law .
Orpah is Naomi s daughter-in-law .

What country is Naomi originally from ?
Israel
Israel .

What item of clothing was used to symbolize the transference of property over to Boaz ?
A shoe .
Skirt

Why did Elimelech and his move to Moab ?
Famine
There was a famine .

To whom was Ruth first married ?
Mahlon
Elimelech

How did Naomi instruct Ruth to approach Boaz ?
To uncover his feet while he slept , lie down and await instruction from him
Uncover his feet and lay down .

Ruth and Boaz are the great-grand parents of what Israelite King ?
David
David

What piece of clothing did his kinsman give to Boaz to represent transfer of property ?
Clothing
his shoe

Why could n't Boaz marry Ruth right away ?
Because he was not the nearest relative to her deceased husband Mahlon
There was a closer male relative who had right of first refusal .

What was the name of Naomi s other daughter-in-law ?
Oprah
Orpah

What were the names of Naomi s sons ?
Mahlon and Chilion
Mahlon and Chilion

What grains were being harvested at the time of the story ?
Barley and wheat
Barley

Why was a near relative obliged to marry to widow of a dead kinsman ?
To carry on family inheritence
By the Levirate law

What is Ruth s relationship to Mahlon ?
Ruth is Mahlon s wife .
his wife

What is Orpah s relationship to Chilian ?
Orpah is Chilian s wife .
Wife

What type of tribe do the women Ruth and Orpah belong to ?
Moabite .
Moabite

What is Naomi s relationship to Elimelech ?
Naomi is Elimelech s wife .
His wife

Where does Naomi decide to return to after Mahlon and Chilian die ?
Bethlehem .
Bethlehem .

Who refuses to leave Naomi s side ?
Ruth .
Ruth

What does Ruth do in order to feed Naomi ?
Glean wheat in the Barley fields .
Glean the harvest

To whom is Boaz related to ?
Naomi s family .
Elimelech

Who owns the field that Ruth is gleaning in ?
Boaz .
Boaz

Who agrees to marry Ruth and take care of Naomi ?
Boaz .
Boaz

