What is John Hodder s profession ?
He is a rector .
Pastor

Where do the wealithiest citizens live ?
The west side of the city .
St. Louis

What is the name of John Hodder s new church ?
St. John s Church .
St. John s Church

What types of questions do the church patron wish the rector to avoid ?
The growth of corporations and corruption of concentrated wealth .
Questions about corporate growth and corruption .

How many children does Eldon Parr have ?
Two .
2

Who is the wealthies and most powerful member of the church ?
Eldon Parr .
Eldon Parr

Who is Alison ?
Eldon Parr s daughter .
Parr s daughter

Who did Eldon Parr financially devastate ?
Josiah Bently , one of the founders of the church .
Josiah Bentley

What has Josiah Bentley developed ?
A network to help the poor in the church s neighborhood .
A network to help the poor who reside in the area around the church .

In what part of the country is St. John s Church located ?
The midwest .
East

What is John Hodder recruited for ?
To become the rector of a church .
Rector

What happened to the neighborhood where the St. John s Church was built ?
It went from being a rich part of town to a poor part .
It is in decay .

How would you describe the members of St. John s congregation ?
Rich and powerful .
Rich

Who is Eldon Parr ?
The wealthiest member of the church .
The most wealthy and powerful man at St. John s Church .

What causes Hodder to have a spiritual crisis ?
He could n't move his church to a better location to better suit his congregation .
inability to move his congregation

What did Josiah Bentley do after he left the church for good ?
He found ways to help the poor in the neighborhood surrounding the church .
Developed a network for helping the poor .

Why did Josiah Bentley leave the church ?
Another member of the church took advantage of him financially .
financial rouin

What kind of minister did the members of St. John want ?
A minister that would encourage them to continue to get rich without guilt .
A push over

Who is moved by Hodder s sermon and his new message of helping mankind ?
Parr s daughter Alison .
Parr s daughter Alison .

Who inspires Hodder to preach about love and helping mankind ?
Josiah Bentley .
Josiah Bentley .

Which gospel does the title come from ?
Matthew
Matthew

What is John Hodder s title ?
Rector
The rector of the august St. John s Church

What is the name of the Church ?
St. John s Church
St. John s Church

Why are people upset with John Hodder ?
Because he preaches that Christians should love and serve mankind and is not willing to move the church to a wealthy part of town .
he gave up hs orthodox befifsin favour of love and survice

Why is Parr lonely ?
His wife died and he has a poor relationship with his children .
His wife died , he was estranged from his children and had few friends .

Why did Josiah Bentley leave the church ?
He was no longer wealthy because Parr destroyed him financially .
lost his money

Who sides with Hodder ?
Parr s daughter , Alison
Eldon Parr

Who is the most wealthy man at the Church ?
Eldon Parr
Eldon Parr

Why do most patrons want to move the church ?
Because the neighborhood around it has fallen into disrepair .
Rich people had to travel to far

What does Bentley do now ?
He helps the poor in the neighborhood around the church .
Helps the poor

