In the beginning of the story , who is The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows by ?
Aristide Torchia .
Aristide Torchia , a 17th century author

In the story , what happens to Andrew Telfer after he gave a copy of The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows to Balkan ?
Andrew kills himself .
He kills himself .

How is Bernie Rothstein s corpse found after he is murdered ?
Posing like an etching from The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows .
his corpse is posed like an engraving in The Nine Gates

What happens after Corso finds Fargas dead ?
Corso sees that the etchings of LCF are removed from the book .
He goes to Paris to see Kessler .

Why does the Baroness cooperate with Corso ?
Corso shows her that the inscriptions of LCF differ from each copy .
He provides evidence that the engravings differ

How does Bulkan stop Corso s interference with the ritual ?
Bulkan traps him into a hole .
He traps him in a hole in the floor .

What happens to Liana after she steals Corso s copy of the The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows ?
Liana begins the ceremony .
Killed by Balkan .

In the beginning of the story , what does Liana do to try to get the The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows from Corso ?
Seduce Corso .
She seduces Corso .

Where is the ninth engraving located ?
In the Ceniza brothers ' shop .
at the Ceniza brothers ' shop

Where are the Ceniza brothers ' shop located ?
Toledo , Spain .
Toledo , Spain .

What does Boris Balkan hire Dean Corso to do ?
Research three copies of the book The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows to find the original copy .
to locate all three copies of the book , two of which he believes to be forgeries , and to acquire the legitimate book

What special powers can be gained from The Nine Gates ?
Invincibility and immortality .
Invincibility and immortality .

Who signed the engravings in The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows ?
The Devil .
Lucifer

What does Corso realize when he compares Balkan s and Fargas ' copies of the Ninth Gate ?
Each book has three different unique engravings with Lucifer s signature .
The signature , LCF is found in three different engravings .

What happened to Fargas after Corso visited him ?
He was murdered and the three unique engravings were stolen from his book .
he is murdered

Who is Liana Teifer ?
Her husband was the previous owner of the book in Balkan s possession .
Telfer s widow

Where is Balkan planning on completing the final ritual using the engravings ?
In a remote castle .
A remote castle .

Why does Balkan fail at completing the final ritual ?
One of the engraving was a forgery .
The ninth engraving is a forgery .

What does Corso discover when he sees the authentic ninth engraving ?
The woman who has been helping him is really the devil .
A likeness of , The Girl

What does Corso do once he is in possession of all nine engravings ?
He performs the ceremony and enters the Ninth Gate .
He crosses through the Ninth gate .

What is the Ninth Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows ?
a book based on a book written by the devil
a book

What is so special about the Ninth Gates Story ?
it is said to have a way to call the devil , to get invincibility and immortality
It tells how to summon the devil and gain immortality .

What does the LCF in the engravings mean ?
It is rumored to stand for Lucifer
Lucifer

What theory does Corso have about the LCF engravings ?
That all the authentic engravings with LCF are needed to complete the ritual
They are all needed to perform a ritual .

Why does the ritual fail when Balkan attempts it ?
the ninth engraving he has is a forgery
Because the ninth engraving is a forgery .

Who is Dean Corso ?
a book dealer in New York City who cons people to sell to him cheap and he resells at much higher prices
a rare book dealer

Who is the girl ?
a woman who follows Corso and helps him
A mysterious young woman who appears to be following Corso .

How does Corso confirm his theory about the engravings ?
The Baroness s book has 3 different engravings
He find s LCF on three different engravings in the baroness s book .

Who actually wrote the Ninth Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows ?
Aristide Torchia a 17th century author
The Devil

What is so special about the ninth engraving ?
it has the girl on it
It is needed to complete the ritual

