What is the name of the poor student that Dobrosoleva falls in love with ?
Pokrovsky
Pokrovsky

How are Dobrosoleva and Devushkin related to each other ?
Second cousins twice removed
Second cousins twice-removed

Who are the other tenants that Devushkin lives with ?
The Gorshkovs
The Gorshkovs .

What is Devushkin s occupation ?
Copyist
Copyist

What is the name of the story that Dobrosoleva sends to Devushkin that he gets offended by ?
The Overcoat
The Overcoat

How many rubles does Dobrosoleva send back to Devushkin after he sends her some ?
25
25

What wealthy man proposes to Dobrosoleva ?
Mr. Bykov
Mr bykov

When Dobrosoleva wants to move to a different part of the city , what does she want to work as there ?
Governess
A governess

What was the 100 rubles given to Devushkin by his boss for ?
New clothes
To buy new clothes

Dobrosoleva wanted to get a set of literary works for Pokrovsky written by who ?
Pushkin
Pushkin

Where did Dobroselovo move to when her father lost his job ?
St Petersburg
St. Petersburg

What does Devushkin beg Dobroselova to do in his letter ?
To write to him .
write to him

Who proposes to Dobroselova ?
Mr. Bykov .
Bykov

How many rubles does Devushkin s boss give to him ?
100
100

Why is Devushkin offended after receiving a copy of The Overcoat ?
Because the main character lives a life similar to his own .
Because the character lives like Devushkin does

How are Devushkin and Dobroselova related ?
They are second cousins .
second cousins twice removed

Who is Dobroselova s tutor ?
Pokorovsky
Pokrovsky

What is Pokorovsky dying wish ?
To see the sun and the outside world .
To see the sun and the world outside .

What does Devushkin work as ?
A copyist .
A copyist .

How do the Gorshkovs come into money ?
Their father wins his case .
The fathers case is won in court

How would you describe Dobroselova and Devushkin s living conditions ?
They live in a terrible apartment building and they share living spaces with other people .
Terrible

Why did Dobroselova and her mother move in with Anna ?
They moved in with her because Dobroselova s father died .
Because she pretends to have sympathy for them .

How does Pokrovsky help Dobroselova ?
Pokrovsky tutors Dobroselova
Tutors her

What did Dobroselova do to show her affection towards Pokrovsky ?
Dobroselova saved money to buy Pokrovsky Pushkin s work , only to let Pokrovsky s father give him the books instead .
Buys him the complete works of Pushkin

What was Pokrovsky s last dying wish ?
He wanted to see the sun and the outside world .
To see the sun and the world outside

What happens after Pokrovsky dies ?
Dobroselova s mother dies and she is forced to live with her landlady Anna .
Dobroselevas mother died and she moves across the street with fedora

Why does Devushkin consider himself a rat in society ?
Because of his living conditions and he is always being belittled at work .
His clothes are worn and dirty and his place of living is poor .

How is Devushkin able to pay off his debt and have extra money ?
Devushkin s boss feels sorry for him and give him 100 rubles just because .
His boss gave him 100 rubles

How does Dobroselova know Mr. Bykov ?
Mr. Bykov dealt with Pokrovsky s father and Anna in the past .
Through his dealings with Anna

What does Devushkin express in his last letter to Dobroselova ?
Devushkin express his love for Dobroselova .
That he loves Dobroselova and that he will die when he leaves her .

