Who is Crichton a butler for ?
Lord Loam
He is a butler for Loam .

What are Loam s views towards class divisions ?
Class divisions are artificial .
He considers them artificial .

Who assumes leadership on the deserted island ?
Crichton .
Crichton

Why do the aristocrats return to Crichton ?
He has found and cooked food .
He was the only one who could find and cook food

What is Crichton s nickname , years after landing on the island ?
They call him the Guv ' .
The Guv .

Who falls in love with the Guv ?
Lady Mary ( Loam s daughter )
Lady Mary

Who was Lady Mary engaged to before falling in love with The Guv ?
Lord Brocklehurst .
Lord Brocklehurst

Who quizzes Lady Mary about her time on the island ?
Lady Brocklehurst .
Lady Brocklehurst

What stops the wedding of Crichton and Lady Mary ?
The sound of a rescue ship s gun .
The sound of a ship s gun .

After years at sea and the leader , what is Crichton s job once back at Loam Hall ?
He is the butler once again .
He is once again the butler .

In the beginning of the story , how does Loam feel about class distinctions ?
He does n't like them
He thinks they are artificial .

Who becomes the leader of the group on the deserted island ?
Crichton
Crichton

Who is about to marry Crichton while on the deserted island ?
Lady Mary , Loam s daughter
Lady Mary

How do Loam s guests feel about socializing with Loam s servants ?
Embarrassed
They are embarrassed to socialize with the servants .

How does Crichton train Ernest ?
By dunking his head in a bucket of water .
By making him put his head in a bucket of water

At the end of the story , how does the Loam household feel about having Crichton around ?
Embarrassed
embarrassed

What does Lady Brocklehurst suspect about Lady Mary ?
That Lady Mary was unfaithful to Lord Brocklehurst .
That she has been unfaithful to Lord Brocklehurst

Where does Loam promote his views about class distinctions ?
At his tea parties
During tea parties with Aristocrats .

In the beginning of the story , what is Crichton s opinion on the class system ?
Natural in a civilized society .
It is the natural outcome of civilised society

Who did Lady Mary forget about while she was on the island ?
Lord Broklehurst .
her fiance ' back home

To which Lord was the Lady Mary a daughter too ?
Lord Loam is the father of Lady Mary .
Loam

How many acts does The Admirable Crichton consist of ?
It consists of four acts .
4

What position/job did Crichton have under Lord Loam prior to the island ?
He was the butler .
Butler .

In Act Three , what was Crichton s appointed nickname ?
They called him The Guv .
the Guv

What were Lord Loam s views on the class system in British society ?
He thought they were artificial .
acceptable and natural part of a civilized society

What were Crichton s views on the class system in British society ?
He considered them to be the natural outcome of a civilized society .
He felt it was normal

In what way ( s ) were Crichton and Lord Loam s roles reversed during the story ?
Crichton was in charge during their stay on the island , but Loam had been in charge prior to the island .
While they are stranded on the island Crichton rises to a sort of prominence , and Loam is ordinary .

How did Lord Loam and his group end up on the island ?
They shipwrecked .
They were shipwrecked .

How do the survivors get rescued from the island ?
A passing ship sees Crichton s signal and offer their assistance .
Another ship approaching or near the island

About how long were they trapped on the island ?
About two years .
Two years

