Greenleaf tells us to follow the truth to where ?
Wherever it leads us .
Wherever it may lead us

How is the veracity of the Four Evangelists tested ?
By using the same rules employed in human tribunals..
The same way as in a court of justice .

How does Greenleaf get the Four Gospels received into court ?
He explains how they do not bear any marks of forgery .
ancient documents rule

The Four Gospels are presumed to be authored by what persons ?
Matthew , mark Luke and John .
Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John

Greenleaf argues against skepticism of which Scottish philosopher ?
David Hume .
David Hume

Greenleaf finds fault with which possition of Professor David Hume ?
That immutable laws from the uniform course of human experience .
Hume s skepticism

When Greenleaf examines the testimony of the false and genuine witnesses he discovers what sort of evidence ?
Circumstantial evidence .
circumstantial evidence that supports the accounts of the four gospels

Greenleaf say who may be skilled at deception ?
The men of Galilee .
the men of Galilee

Who says we should suspend prejudices and be open to conviction ?
Greenleaf .
Greenleaf

In the story who originally said Christianity does not bring irresistible evidence ?
Bishop Daniel
Bishop Daniel Wilson

Who is responsible for the Four Gospels ?
Matthew , Mark , Luke , John
Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John

At the end of the story , what does Greenleaf hope for those involved with the gospels ?
That they honestly cross-examined themselves
to be consistent with themselves

What does Greenleaf conclude when he finds there are discrepancies among the gospels ?
That there was not collusion in the writings
They are not evidence of collusion and they can be harmonized .

Who was David Hume ?
A Scottish philosopher
a Scottish empirical philosopher

What does Greenleaf assume about miracles ?
Since there is a God , there can be miraculous events
they are verified by witnesses

Which Bishop does Greenleaf reference regarding sufficient evidence ?
Daniel Wilson
Daniel Wilson

How did Greenleaf claim to approach analysis of the gospels ?
As if the writers were in a court of law
By applying the ancient documents rule

What did Greenleaf conclude as to the legitimacy of the documents ?
All of the documents appear to be genuine .
They were honest

What is Greenleaf s plea at the beginning of the story ?
To suspend prejudices to be open to conviction
To suspend prejudices and be open to conviction .

What did Greenleaf find about Matthew and Luke s abilities ?
They were meticulous observers
They are detailed and keen observationists , as well as consistent .

What does Greenleaf want others to be open to ?
Conviction .
open to following the truth wherever it will lead us .

Where can the materials be placed into as genuine documents ?
Court .
Into court .

Who has no motives to falsify their tesitomonies ?
Gospel writers .
No one .

Who gave meticulous details according to Greenleaf ?
Matthew and Luke .
Matthew and Luke

Which philosopher is a skeptic ?
David Hume .
David Hume

Who are the Four Gospels ?
Matthew , Luke , Mark and John .
Matthew , Mark , Luke and John .

Whose position does Greenleaf find fault with ?
David Hume s position .
Hume

Where is the skeptic philosopher from ?
Scotland .
Scottland

Where did Jesus ' miracles occurr , according to Greenleaf ?
In the public .
In public

Who witnessed Jesus ' miracles ?
Friends and foes .
believers and non-believers

