Who is Dillon ?
A CIA agent , an old friend of Dutch s , and former commando .
A friend of Dutch s .

What is the real purpose of the mission ?
Retrieve intelligence from captured operatives .
to retrieve intelligence from captured operatives

Who is Anna ?
A captured female guerrilla fighter .
A guerilla .

What causes the alien s cloaking device to malfunction ?
Water
water causes the device to malfinction

Why does Dutch send Anna to the chopper alone and unarmed ?
Because the alien finds no sport in perusing unarmed prey .
the creature does not target unarmed prey .

What does Dutch use as camouflage in fighting the alien ?
Mud .
He uses mud .

What does the alien say when Dutch asks , What the hell are you ?
Repeats back , What the hell are you ?
the creature repeats back what the hell are you

What does Dutch use to lure the alien in after setting traps ?
A war cry .
a war cry

Why does mud work as camouflage while battling the alien ?
The Mud cools the skin and blocks the body s heat signature from the alien s thermal sensor .
The alien ca n't detect his thermal heat .

Which characters survive the fight with the alien ?
Dutch and Anna .
dutch and anna

What is the original mission the team is sent on ?
to rescue an official that is being held captive in Val Verde .
Rescuing an official .

What does Dillon admit to Dutch about the real mission ?
that it is a set up to gather the intelligence from the captured operatives
Because the dead unit disappeared in a failed mission , they are sent to find out intelligence from the captured operatives .

How is the invisible creature tracking them ?
Their body heat is triggering his thermal sensors
thermal imaging .

Why does the creature continue to spare Anna ?
She is always unarmed , there is no fun in hunting her .
Because she is a woman .

How does Dutch finally find a way to fight the creature ?
the creature s cloaking device messes up in the water allowing Dutch to finally see what is following them
He creates a series of war traps .

Why ca n't the creature see Dutch when he is a few feet away ?
Dutch is covered in mud that is bringing his body heat down
Dutch is covered in mud .

How does the creature finally die ?
He activates a self-destruct button and blows himself up .
He activates the self-destruct device .

What is the one sentence the creature says ?
What the hell are you ?
What the hell are you

What is one of the names the locals call the creature ?
The devil man hunter or The demon who makes trophies of men
El diablo cazador de hombres or the devil man hunter

What branch of the government sanctions this mission ?
CIA
the CIA

How does the predator locate its prey ?
By heat
thermal imaging

What does Dutch initially think is the purpose of the mission ?
To rescue a hostage
to rescue hostages

What does Dutch learn is the real purpose of the mission ?
To retrieve CIA intelligence documents
they need to kill the predator

How does Dutch make himself invisible to the creature ?
He covers himself with mud .
He is covered in mud and the creature can not detect him .

What is the meaning of the name the locals use for the creature ?
The devil man hunter
the devil man hunter

What happened to the hostage Dutch thought they were going to save ?
He died in an earlier rescue attempt .
he s found dead and skinned

