What is the nationality of Lewis Haystoun ?
He is Scottish .
Scottish

Why does Lewis Haystoun lose the election ?
He is unable to speak with full conviction .
He is unable to speak with wholehearted conviction

Who wins the election ?
Albert Stocks .
Albert Stocks

What is the name of the lady both Haystoun and Stocks fall in love with ?
Alice Wishart
Alice

Why does Alice become disenchanted with Haystoun ?
She feels he has the inability to commit .
His lack of commitment

While having a picnic at the moors , what happens to Alice ?
She slips and falls into the lake .
falls into the lake

Even though Haystoun is standing next to Alice , why is Stocks the one that saves her ?
Haystoun hesitated for a second .
Because he hesitated and Stocks jumps in the water to save her

What happens to allow Haystoun to show his courage ?
He is asked to go in a semi-official capacity to investigate rumors of dangers to the empire in an uncharted area in Northern India .
Haystoun is asked to reconnoitre the northern frontier of India in response to a rumor of a threat there .

Why is Haystoun asked to go on this mission ?
He has experience in this area .
Because there is a rumor of a threat to the Empire

How does Haystoun die ?
Heroically sounding the alarm to warn of the attack .
Haystoun dies delaying an imminent Cossack attack in northern India .

What is the title of this story ?
The Half-Hearted
The half hearted

Which century is this story from ?
The 19th century
The 19th century

Who is Lewis Haystoun ?
A young Scottish laird
He is a young Scottish Laird

Who do Lewis Haystoun and Albert Stocks fall in love with ?
Alice Wishart
Alice Wishart

Who rescued Alice Wishart from the lake ?
Albert Stocks
Haystoun s rival , Stocks .

Where does Haystoun travel to in order to prove his courage ?
The northern Indian frontier
The northern Indian frontier

Which Government was warned of possible danger to the Empire ?
British
British

What do Haystoun and Wishart decide to do regarding their relationship ?
Separate and follow their own individual paths
They separate despite admitting their mutual love .

Which country is plotting to invade India ?
Russia
Russia

What two factors made Haystoun s death heroic ?
He delayed the invasion and saved the Empire
Gives warnings to northern settlements and tries to delay the invaders

Who is the main protagonist in the story ?
Lewis Haystoun
Haystoun

What is the setting of the story ?
Closing years of the 19th century
Scotland and India

Where does the first part of the story take place ?
Upper class Scotland
Scotland

Where does the second part of the story take place ?
Northern India
India

What causes Haystoun to lose the political race against Albert Stocks ?
His inability to speak with conviction
He was unable to speak with full conviction at the hustings

Who is Alice Wishart ?
The daughter of a rich city merchant
the daughter of a wealthy city merchant

What happens before Haystoun departs to India ?
He and Wishart profess their love for each other
He and Miss Wishart declare their mutual love for one another

What is the conflict at the beginning of part II ?
A Russian plot to invade India along a little-known path
Russians invading India

How does Haystoun respond to the attack ?
He sets off alone to fight the Russians , giving the local fort time to bolster defenses
After contacting the local fort to send warnings to the northern territories , he attempted to singlehandedly delay the invaders .

How does Haystoun redeem his character ?
In the face of danger , he shows great heroic courage and strength
Haystoun redeems himself by becoming a war hero , saving the Empire .

