What does Matt do the night that he loses the Emmy Award ?
He asked his girlfriend to marry him .
He proposes to his girlfriend Beth .

What happened a year after the proposal ?
Matt is n't working and they now have a baby .
They have a child , Matt still has no job , and Beth resents Matt

By 1993 , what had happened to Matt and Beth ?
They were divorced and living at opporsite ends of the country .
They ve been divorced and are living on opposite coasts

What happened when Matt audtioned for a new role ?
He did n't get the part but agreed to work as a chauffer for the producer .
he was turned down

Why did Matt go to Georgia ?
He went to pick up his daughter for a visit .
To pick up his daughter .

What did Matt learn when he picked up Jeannie ?
That Beth was going to jail and that Jeannie would have to live with him for awhile .
Beth is facing a prison term and his daughter is going to be living with him .

What happened to Jeannie when Matt went to make a screen test ?
She got cast for a part in a tv sitcom .
she was cast in a sitcom

How long has it been since Matt has seen Jeannie ?
Its been two years . She was four when he saw her last .
Two years

Who does Matt have a relationship with ?
With Cathy , a script reader for the studio .
Cathy Breslow

Who does Nan have a relationship with ?
With Adler , the film producer .
Burke Adler

What is special about the night that Matt Hobbs proposes to his girlfriend Beth ?
He failed to win an Emmy Award .
he attended the emmy awards

What does Beth love about Matt when they first get engaged ?
His dedication to his career .
his dedication to a career , knowing it may not work out .

Why does Beth begin to resent Matt shortly after their marriage ?
They have a new baby and he still does n't have a job .
Matt is unemployed .

Where is the couple living in 1993 ?
They are divorced and living on opposite sides of the country .
opposite coasts

What happens when Matt auditions for a role for Burke Adler ?
He becomes a chauffeur for Mr. Adler .
He fails to get the part

Why does Matt fly to Georgia ?
To visit with his daughter .
To pick up Jeannie for a visit .

What surprising news does Matt learn about his ex-wife Beth ?
That she is going to prison and he will have sole custody of their daughter .
she has to go to jail

How long has it been since Matt last saw his daughter ?
2 years .
Two years .

What happens when Matt takes his daughter Jeannie to one of his auditions ?
She is casted in a sitcom .
she gets cast for a part in a sitcom

Where does Matt decide to raise his daughter ?
In Hollywood .
Hollywood

What does Beth say is one of the things she loves most about Matt ?
his dedication to his career
His dedication to his career .

What did Matt fail at on the night he proposed ?
winning an emmy
winning an Emmy

What causes Matt s daughter to come live with him ?
Beth has to go to prison
beth goes to prison

What is ironic about why Beth shows resentment toward Matt after their divorce ?
Beth originally loved Matt for his devotion to his career and now resents him for being without a job
She resents him now for the same reason she used to admire and love him .

What is a main reason for the struggle in the relationship with Matt and his daughter ?
He has n't seen her for years
he had n't seen her in 2 years

When Matt does n't get a part in the play what does he agree to do for Adler ?
Be his chauffer
Chauffeur .

When Matt returns to pick up Jeanne after auditioning what is he stunned to find out ?
Jeanne was cast in a sitcom
She has been cast in a sitcom .

What is Cathy s job ?
staff script reader
script-reader

What is ironic about Jeanne getting a part in the sitcom ?
she was cast without auditioning while her father was auditioning
that he has been trying and failing to land a role for a long time

What is the main idea of the sitcom ?
satire of the film industry
satire of the film industry

