Who is the last man on Earth ?
Walter Phelan
Walter Phelan

Who has killed off all of the life on Earth ?
The Zan
The Zan

Why are the Zan disturbed ?
Because all of the other animals are dying
their animals are dying

What did Walter tell the Zan regarding why the animals were dying ?
Because the animals did n't have affection
that they were dying from lack of affection

What does Walter tell the Zan about keeping the animals alive ?
He said that they should pet the animals consistently
The Zan must pet the remaining live animals for them to know affection and stay alive .

Why did the Zan begin to die ?
Because they were petting a poisonous snake
They were poisoned

Why does Grace decide to leave ?
Because Walter planned on using the Zan technology to make a master race
Because she is shocked that Walter would try to create a master race

What did the Zan eventually do when they started dying ?
They left Earth
left the planet

Why does Grace keep her distance from Walter ?
Because she was not impressed by him
She is not impressed by him .

How do the Zan learn how to show affection to the animals ?
Walter demonstrates for them
Walter shows them how to pet the animals

Who are the last man and woman referenced on Earth ?
The last man is Walter Phelan and the last women is Grace Evans .
Walter Phelan , Grace Evans

What happened as the last man on Earth sat alone in a room ?
There was a knock on the door .
There was a knock on the door

What did the Zan do to all life on Earth ?
The Zan killed off all life on Earth
The Zan killed all the life on Earth except pairs of animals at the zoo .

What do the Zan keep at their zoo of exotic Earth Fauna ?
The Zan kept pairs of Specimens at the zoo
pairs of specimens

What happened to the animals the Zan had stored at their zoo ?
The animals began to die one by one
they died

What reason did Walter give to the Zan to explain the deaths of the animals at the zoo ?
Walter explained that they were dying from lack of affection .
lack of affection

What did Walter suggest the Zan do to keep the animals at the zoo alive ?
Walter suggested petting the animals to show them affection
that they show them affection by petting them regularly

What animal did Walter advise the Zan to pet ?
A poisonous snake
a poisonous snake

What does Walter propose to Grace after the Zan have fled ?
He proposes to create the master race using the Zan technology .
They procreate to produce a master race .

How does The Knock end ?
It ends the same way it began
There was a knock at the door .

Who is the last man on Earth ?
Walter Phelan .
Walter Phelan

Who is the last woman on Earth ?
Grace Evans .
Grace Evans

What are they aliens called ?
The Zan .
Zan

How long do the Zan live ?
Forever .
The Zan are ageless and can live forever .

What reason does Walter give to the Zan about the animals dying ?
They died from lack of affection .
they died from lack of affection

What kind of animal does Walter tell the Zan to pet ?
A poisonous snake .
a poisonous snake

What does Walter plan to do with the Zan technology that was left behind ?
Create a master race .
create a master race

How did all life on Earth die ?
The Zan killed them .
The Zan killed everything

