What are the soldiers of the French Republic referred to as ?
They are referred to as the Blues .
Blues

What are the Royalist referred to as ?
They are referred to as Whites .
Whites .

Who awarded a medal to a man and promptly executed him without trial ?
It was Lantenac who awarded a medal and executed a man without trial .
Lantenac

When Lantenac is being hunted by the Blues , who protects him ?
A local beggar to who he had once been generous to .
a local beggar

Who finds Michelle among the dead bodies ?
It is the same beggar who helped Lantenac .
the beggar

Who nurses Michelle back to health ?
It is the beggar .
A beggar

What is the first thing Michelle does once she recovers ?
She goes to find the children .
goes in search of her children

What is Gauvain tried for ?
He is tried for treason .
treason

Who shoots himself at the same time that Gauvain is guillotined ?
Cimourdain is who shoots himself .
Cimourdian

Who sets Lantenac free before his trial and then turns himself in ?
Gauvain is the one who sets Lantenac free and takes responsibility for it .
Gauvain

Who are the Blues ?
The French Republic service men
French Republic soldiers

How is Gauvain killed ?
Death by guillotine .
He is executed

Where is Gauvain eventually caught ?
In his castle .
Prison

What did Gauvain say about a humans value ?
That human value was greater than tradition .
He said that human values transcend tradition .

Why does Latntenac takes over Dole-De-Bretagne ?
To help the britch army have as they went to help the white people .
Lantenac takes over Dole- de-Bretagne so Britsh Army can land on it .

Who are the Royalist ?
The white population .
the troops supporting the monarchy to push down the peasant rebellion

RobeSpierre , Paris , Danton , & Marte decided to do to those who help rebels ?
They would be sentenced to death .
They will be executed .

What does Michelle discover once she gets to the castle ?
Her children stuck behind a fire .
that her children are trapped in the burning castle

Radon votes for what ?
To drop the charges against Gauvain ?
Radoub voted to acquit Gauvain

Who is Cimourdain to Gauvain ?
His tutor and father figure as a child .
His was his teacher

Who leads the French Republic soldiers at the start of the story ?
Sergeant Radoub
Sergeant Radoub

Why do Michelle and her children need help from the Blues ?
their relatives were killed during the revolt
Her husband and parents have been killed in the fighting .

When was the sailor killed by Lantenac ?
after he received a medal for bravery
After the sailor failed to secure a cannon , but then did secure it , he was given a medal and then executed .

Where does Lantenac go after escaping the Republicans at sea ?
Brittany
Brittany .

Why did the beggar help Lantenac ?
Latenac had helped him in the past
Lantenac has help the beggar in the past

When was Michelle shot by the Whites ?
after the Blues that saved her were captured by Lantenac and his supporters
during a battle

Where was it decided that all rebels and their supporters would be killed ?
Paris
in Paris

How come people stopped supporting Lantenac ?
most of his followers gave up after British troops did n't join them
They had no back up .

Who rescued the children from the burning castle ?
Lantenac
Lantenac .

Why is Gauvain put on trial for treason ?
he let Lantenac escape from prison
He let Lantenac escape .

