Why is Lucy teased about her father ?
Lucy s father has a developmental disability .
He is mentally disabled .

Why does Sam break down at the trial ?
The opposing counsel convinces him that he is incapable of being a good father .
He is convinced by opposing counsel that he is unfit to be a dad .

Who does Lucy live with at the end of the trial ?
Randy Carpenter
Foster home with Randy Carpenter

Who agrees to take Sam s case pro bono ?
Rita Harrison
Rita Harrison .

What does Sam do every time Lucy runs away from the foster home and goes to Sam s ?
He returns her to the foster home .
He returns her to the foster home .

Who does Sam get to take care of Lucy when he can not ?
Annie
Randy

What arrangement allows Lucy to return to Sam ?
Randy agrees to help raise her .
randy will help him raise her

Who is the referee at Lucy s soccer game ?
Sam
Sam

What relationship does Sam encourage Rita to repair ?
He encourages Rita to repair her relationship with her son .
Her relationship with her son .

What does Sam and Rita work to do ?
They work to secure Sam s parental rights .
Secure his parental rights .

What is Sam s disability ?
He has a developmental disability .
developmental

Who is Lucy ?
Sam s young daughter
Sam s daughter

What issue does Sam s neighbor Annie have ?
She is agoraphobic .
she s agoraphobic

What happens to Lucy that begins worrying others ?
She advances Sam intellectually .
she surpasses her father in mentail ability

Who is Rita Harrison ?
A big shot lawyer who takes Sam s case pro bono to help him retain his parental rights .
Sam s lawyer

Why does Sam encourage Rita to leave her husband ?
He cheats on her .
hes a philanderer and she never feels good enough

What happens to Lucy after the trial ?
She s placed in a foster home .
She is sent to a foster home

What does Lucy do every night in her foster home ?
Breaks out and returns home to Sam
Runs away to Sam s apartment .

Why does the foster family decide not to adopt Lucy ?
They want to help Sam raise her instead .
They decide to return he to Sam

Which sport does Lucy play at the end of the story ?
Soccer .
soccer

What is the name of Sam s neighbour ?
Annie
Annie

Why do other children tease Lucy ?
Because Lucy s father is a retard
Because her father is retarded .

On whose advice does Sam approach a lawyer ?
On his friend s advice
His friends

Why does Rita agree to take Sam s case ?
Rita agrees to take Sam s case to prove it to others that she is not cold and heartless .
to prove she is not heartless

Why does Sam approach a lawyer ?
To secure his parental rights over Lucy .
advice of friends

Why does Sam break down during the trial ?
Sam breaks down as the opposing counsel proves that he is not capable of taking care of Lucy .
Counsel convinces him he can not be a father

To whose house is Lucy sent for foster care ?
Randy Carpenter
Randy Carpenter .

Why does Lucy escape from her foster home in the middle of the night ?
Lucy escapes from her foster home to go meet Sam .
To go to Sam s apartment

What happens to Rita s marriage at the end ?
Rita divorces her husband
Rita is single

What arrangement did Sam and Randy agree upon at the end ?
Sam agreed to have Randy help him raise Lucy .
Lucy can stay with Sam , but Randy will help him raise her .

