How is the story narrated and by whom ?
First person , ship s captain .
narrated in first person by the captain

Where does the ship anchor and by what ?
Near barren islands a few miles from shore , another ship a few miles away .
It anchored down near a small group of islands a few miles off shore by a tug boat

What does the captain see the night he takes the watch ?
A naked swimmer named Leggatt .
a man swimming up to the ship

Who is the naked swimmer and why is he swimming at night ?
The first mate of the other ship and he was arrested .
Leggatt and to escape .

Why does Leggatt think he ll be hanged for murder ?
He is a stranger to his crew .
because he murdered a crew member

What happenes the morning after ?
The other captain comes looking for him and the narrator is able to lie .
the Captain of Leggatt s ship arrived to question them

Who must the narrator and Leggatt avoid on their routine trips to the captain s cabin ?
The Steward .
The steward

What plan does the narrator and Leggatt make and does it work ?
Leggatt will drop into the sea and swim to land near the Gulf of Siam . Yes but the narrator almost crashes into rocks .
Leggatt will swim alongside the boat

Who is considered the stranger of the crew ?
The ship s young captain
The narrator

Where does the story take place ?
In the Gulf of Siam/Gulf of Thailand
Gulf of Siam

What odd thing does the ship s captain notice while he s on watch ?
A naked man
A naked man swimming up to the ship

Who is the naked man that climbs aboard ?
Leggatt , a former First Mate of a different ship
Leggatt

Why is Leggatt hesitant to come aboard ?
He killed a man on accident and does n't want to be caught
he is suspected for murder

Why do the Captain and Leggatt get along so well ?
They were both strangers on their ships
They both feel like the strangers aboard their ships and see each as their other self .

Who does the Captain lie to ?
The captain of another ship searching for Leggatt
The captain of Leggatt s ship

What plagues the Captain ?
The thought of Leggatt being found out
His crew finding out about Leggatt s

How does the Captain satisfy Leggatt and his own crew ?
By showing good seamanship and allowing Leggatt to escape .
he helps him secretly

Who calls himself the stranger on board ?
The Captain
The Captain

Who swims naked to the ship ?
Leggatt
Leggatt

Why was Leggatt under arrest on the other ship ?
He murdered a crew member
For murder .

What did Leggatt call the man he murdered ?
A disobedient bully
A disobedient bully .

Where does the Captain hide Leggatt ?
In his cabin
in his cabin

What body of water does Leggatt jump into ?
The Gulf of Siam
the gulf of Siam

Who arrives in the morning asking about Leggatt ?
The other ship s captain
The captain

What was Leggatt s position on his ship ?
First mate
First Mate

What was Leggatt going to face upon landing ?
The gallows
arrest

What country was the cargo for that the Captain was transporting ?
Britain
Britain

