The Titus Brothers Contractors won a government contract in what country ?
Peru
Peru

Why are the Titus Brothers Contractors company trying to tunnel through a mountain ?
To connect two isolated railroad lines .
To connect two railroad lines .

Whom are the Titus Brothers Contractors company s rivals ?
Blackeson & Grinder .
Blakeson & Grinder .

Tom Swift created what to protect the Panama Canal ?
A giant cannon .
A giant cannon

Who is Mr. Damon to Tom Swift ?
A Friend .
Very good friend

Whom does Mr. Damon invite to Peru ?
Tom Swift .
Tom

Professor Swyington Bumper is on a quest to find what ?
The Lost City of Pelone .
The lost city of Pelone .

Who travels with Mr Damon and Tom Swift to Peru ?
Mr. Titus , Koku , and Professor Swyington Bumper .
Mr. Titus

Why does The Tutus Brothers Contractors company feel pressured to to finish the tunnel ?
They fear the government contract will be given to their rivals .
Because if they do n't finish by the deadline , it will go to their rivals .

Why is Mr Damon traveling to Peru ?
To check on his Cinchona bark business .
To see what the problem is his business is having .

Which persons embark for Peru ?
Tom , Mr. Damon , Mr. Titus , and Koku embark for Peru .
Tom , Mr. Damon , and Mr. Titus

Who is Koku ?
Koku is Tom s giant .
Tom s giant .

Why is Mr. Damon embarking for Peru ?
The production for Mr. Damon s business investment has slowed down .
To see why the production of his business has almost completely stopped .

What does Mr. Job Titus hope to gain from Tom Swift ?
Mr. Job Titus would like to hire Tom Swift to develop a special blasting powder for the purposes of his contract .
Develop a special blasting powder

What is the main issue that the Titus Brothers Contracters have run into ?
The Titus Brothers Contracters must find a way to blast through excessively hard rock before the contract defaults to their rivals .
Excessively hard rock which is difficult to blast

What does Professor Bumper do upon meeting Tom ?
Professor Bumper decides to join Tom s company en route to Rimac .
joins the company

What has Professor Bumper been looking for ?
Professor Bumper has be looking for the lost city of Pelone .
City of Pelone

What is the nature of Mr. Damon s business ?
Mr. Damon s business involves the procuring of cinchona bark from Peru .
His business procures cinchona bark from Peru .

What is the government s motive for creating the tunnel in the mountain ?
The government seeks to connect two isolated rail lines .
To connect two railroad lines .

What aspect of Tom Swift s business had originally sparked Mr. Job Titus ' interest ?
Mr. Job Titus had heard about Tom Swift s giant cannon which is used to protect the Panama Canal .
His giant cannon

What contract did the Titus Brothers company win ?
blasting a tunnel through a mountain to connect two railroads
A government contract to blast a tunnel to connect railroad lines .

What problems occur when trying to build the tunnel ?
They hit a wall of excessively hard rock
They encounter excessively hard rock that ca n't be cut through with normal blasting techniques .

How does Job Titus think they can get through the wall ?
with Tom s giant cannon
Blasting

Who else is trying to get Tom to do work for him ?
Mr. Damon
Mr Damon

Who is Mr. Damon to Tom ?
A very good friend
Very good friend

Where does Mr. Damon want to take Tom ?
Peru
Peru

What is Professor Bumper s life long quest ?
To find the lost city of Pelone
To locate the lost city of Pelone .

Who joins Mr. Damon , Tom and Mr. Titus on their journey ?
Professor Bumper
Swyington Bumper

Who are the rivals of the Titus Brother s company ?
Blakeson & Grinder
Blakeson & Grinder

What has Tom Swift used his cannon for in the past ?
to protect the Panama canal
To protect the Panama Canal .

