Why does Lucie question Tabby Kitten and Sally-Henny Penny ?
Because Lucie wants to know if they have seen her three pocket handkerchiefs .
To find her missing items .

What happens when Lucie goes up the hill ?
She spots a path , and finds a door on the hillside with someone singing .
She finds Mrs. Tiggy-winkle

Where did Lucie find her handkerchiefs ?
At Mrs. Tiggy-Winkles cave .
In Mrs. Tiggywinkle s house .

What does Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle do for a living ?
She is a laundress for all of the animals .
she is a laundress

Why does Lucie steer clear of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkles ?
Because Mrs. Tiggy-Winkles has prickles .
Her prickles .

What do Lucie and Mrs. Tiggy-Winkles set off to do ?
They set off to return the animals laundry .
Return the animals ' laundry .

What does Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle do after Lucie thanks her ?
She takes off running back to her home .
She goes up the hill .

Why does n't Lucie believe it was a dream ?
Because her handkerchiefs are neatly pressed next to her .
she had three clean handkerchiefs and a laundered pinafore

Who is well acquainted to Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle ?
The narrator of the story .
the narrator

What has Lucie lost ?
Three pocket handkerchiefs and a pinafore .
Her pinafore and three of her pocket handkerchiefs .

Who does Lucie question about what she has lost ?
Tabby and Sally
Sally-Henny Penny and Tabby kitten

Where does Lucie spot cloths laying ?
In the grass upon a high hill behind the farm
In the grass on a hill behind the farm

What does lucy discover behind the door ?
A tiny kitchen and Mrs Tiggy-winnkle
Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle

What has Tiggy Winkle done to lucy s lost things ?
Laundered them
Washed them .

Why do Lucy and Tiggy-winkle set down the path ?
To return the laundry to the animals .
To return the clean laundry to Mrs. Tiggywinkle s customers .

What is found about Miss Tiggy-winkle s identity ?
She is a hedgehog .
She is a hedgehog .

What does the narrator claim some have thought of the encounter ?
It was just Lucie s dream .
That it was all a dream .

What is the name of the door into the back of the hill ?
Catbells
Catbells

What has Lucie lost ?
Three pocket handkerchiefs and a pinafore .
Her pinafore and three of her pocket handkerchiefs .

Why has Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle taken Lucie s things ?
She s laundering them .
To wash them .

What is Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle ?
A hedgehog
a hedgehog

What did some people think really happened to Lucie ?
that she fell asleep and was dreaming
That she fell asleep and dreamed the encounter

Where is Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle s house ?
In the side of the hill .
In the hillside .

What does Sally Henny Penny say when Lucie asks her about her missing items ?
I go barefoot , barefoot , barefoot !
I go barefoot barefoot barefoot

What do Lucie and Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle and Lucie give to the neighborhood animals ?
clean laundry
Their fresh laundered items .

Why does Lucie climb the hill ?
she sees white cloths lying in the grass
She sees white fabric on the hill

What does Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle have on her petticoat ?
stripes
Stripes

What is Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle excellent at ?
Clear-starching
Laundering animal clothing

