What did Pauline and Juliet initially bond over when they first met ?
Childhood illness/hospitalizations
Childhood diseases and hospitalizations

Why did Pauline like spending time with the Hulme family ?
she felt accepted there
She felt accepted .

Who came up with the idea of the fourth world ?
Juliet
Juilet .

What caused Juliet to experience the fourth world for the first time ?
the fear of being alone when her parents were leaving
After hearing plans of her parents decision to leave her behind .

In the begining what do the girls want to do later in in life ?
have their stories published and made into moives
Have their novels published and made into Hollywood movies .

What causes Juliet to leave ?
she is sent to a clinic for tuberculoses
She is diagnosed with tuberculosis and sent to a clinic .

What does Pauline do while Juliet is gone that makes her jealous ?
has a sexual relationship with a lodger
Has sex with a lodger

What do the doctors think is causing Pauline s wight loss and anger issues ?
they think homosexuality is the cause
They believe Pauline to be a homosexual .

Why do Pauline and Juliet murder Honora ?
because they think its her fault they can not be together
She is the reason they ca n't be together

What was found that proved the girls murdered Honora ?
Paulina s diary
Diary of Paluline

What did Pauline and Juliet bond over when they first met ?
Childhood diseases and being hospitalized .
Sharing stories of childhood hospital stay and severe childhood diseases

How would you describes Pauline s home life ?
A working class family where relationships were strained .
Turbulent

How would you describe Juliet s character ?
Confident and beautiful .
Outspoken

What type of stories did Juliet and Pauline write together ?
Adventure stories
Adventure novels

What is the Fourth World ?
A spiritual place you go when you die where music and art are celebrated .
A special place where music and art is celebrated

What causes Juliet to experience the Fourth World ?
When she discovers her parents plan on leaving the country without her .
Hysterics

What causes Juliet to be sent to the clinic ?
She is diagnosed with Tuberculosis .
Severe childhood diseases

What causes Juliet to become jealous of Pauline when she is in the clinic ?
Pauline started a romantic relationship with another person .
Pauline had a sexual relationship with a lodger .

When Juliet and Pauline find out that they will be permanently separated what is their original plan ?
To run away together .
They wanted to run away together .

How did Pauline and Juliet get caught for murdering Pauline s mother ?
When Pauline s diary was found .
Pauline wrote of it in her diary .

How did Pauline and Juliet bond ?
Over a shared history of a childhood disease and isolated hospitalizations .
They both had childhood diseases and frequently were in the hospital .

What is the name of the fantasy kingdom that Pauline and Juliet created ?
Borovnia .
Borovnia

Who is Honora ?
Pauline s mother .
Pauline s mom .

What is the Fourth World ?
Juliet and Pauline s idea of Heaven .
A Heaven where art and music are celebrated and there are no Christians

When did Juliet have her first experience with the Fourth World ?
When Juliet s parents told her that they were going away and leaving her behind .
When she was left alone

What is Juliet diagnosed with ?
Tuberculosis .
TB .

Why did Pauline s parents take her to a doctor ?
Because of her intense relationship with Juliet .
Suspected that she was homosexual .

Why did Juliet and Pauline plan to run away ?
Because Juliet was going to be sent to live in South Africa .
They did not want to be separated .

Why did Juliet and Pauline decide to murder Honora ?
Because she was an obstacle to them being together .
Running away together was impossible .

How did Juliet and Pauline murder Honora ?
They bludgeoned her to death .
Bludgeoning

