What does Salieri claim at the start of the story ?
He claims he assassinated Mozart with poison .
He claims to have used poison to kill Mozart .

At the start of the story , how does Salieri know Mozart ?
Salieri knows of Mozart and his music , but has not met him in person .
He meets him at a salon

What is Mozart doing when he meets Salieri ?
Crawling on the floor and talking salaciously with his fiancee .
Crawling on the floor and speaking profanely .

What is Salieri s opinion of Mozart when they meet ?
He thinks Mozart is crude and undeserving of his talents .
he lacks grace and charm

Why does Salieri renounce God ?
Because Salieri has been good his whole life , and God chose the boorish Mozart for gifts instead of him .
Mozart was chosen over him to have such talent .

Who goes to Salieri for help and is humiliated as a result ?
Mozart s wife .
Mozart s wife

Salieri acts like Mozart s friend , but what is he really doing ?
Attempting to destroy Mozart s success and fame .
He is trying to destroy Mozart s reputation .

Why does Salieri claim to have poisoned Mozart ?
To earn fame .
He wanted this to be something people would remember him by .

Why is Salieri sad at the end of the story ?
Because his attempt to kill himself failed , and his murder confession was not believed .
He survives his suicide attempt and his confession of having murdered Mozart is not believed .

What does Salieri reveal to the audience in the opening ?
He assassinated Mozart .
He assassinated Mozart .

Where has Salieri NOT met mozart in this timeline ?
Prison
The eighteenth century .

What is disappointing to Saieri about Mozart ?
His lack of grace and charm
Mozart lacks the expected grace and charm .

What does he witness Mozart doing ?
Crawling around on his hands and knees and talking profanely
Crawling on the floor and talking profanely with his future wife

What can Salieri not believe regarding Mozart and God s choice ?
He can not believe God chose Mozart over him
That Mozart was given such a musical gift .

What does Salieri vow ?
His renouncing of God and his vow to destroy Mozart .
to destroy Mozart

Who does Salieri Masquerade as ?
Mozart s Ally
Mozart s ally

What does Salieri take credit for ?
The emperor s interventions
Assassinating Mozart

What does Salieri do to Mozart s wife ?
Humiliates her
He humiliates her .

What does Salieri do in his last attempt to be remembered ?
Attempt Suicide
He attempts suicide .

How does Salieri say he had killed Mozart ?
With poison
With arsenic .

What type of poison does Salieri use ?
arsenic
arsenic

What is the public s reaction to Salieri s confession ?
They do not believe him
disbelief

Who does Salieri try to make Mozart look bad to ?
The Emporer
his Creator

Why does Salieri hate Mozart ?
Because he lacks class
He believes he lacks grace and charm

What is Mozart doing when he and Salieri meet ?
Crawling on the ground
crawling around on the floor

What is the name of Mozart s fiance ?
Costanze Weber
Constanze Weber

When is the story set ?
The 18th century
The eighteenth century

What is Mozart s job ?
He is a composer
Music composer

What religion is Salieri ?
He is a Catholic
Catholic .

