How does Mark try to further his career as vicar ?
He tries to make connections with the county s high scoiety .
He tries to make connections with the county s high society .

What does Whig Mr. Sowerby ask Mark to do ?
He asks Mark to guarantee a substantial loan when he does n't have the means to meet it .
Guarantee a loan .

How is Mark publically humiliated ?
Bailiffs arrive at his home and take inventory of his furninishing .
Bailiffs arrive and begin to take inventory of the Robarts ' furniture

How deos Mark get out of the attention from the bailiffs ?
He is forced to take a loan from Lord Lufton .
he takes a loan from Lord Lufton

Why is Lady Lufton against the relationship between Lucy and her son ?
She would rather her son marry the daughter of an Archdeacon .
She would rather her son chose a different woman .

How does Lucy win Lady Lufton s approval to marry her son ?
Lucy s conduct and charity , in particular toward a priest , cause Lady Lufton to accept Lucy .
Her behavior and her charity .

Which woman triumphs through the matrimonial controversy ?
Mrs. Grantly gets her way .
Mrs Grantly

Which main characters get married at the end of the story ?
Lucy and Ludovic marry .
Lucy and Ludovic

Which other prominent daughters marry at the end of the story ?
Bishop Proudie s daughter and Archdeacon Grantly s daughters get married .
Griselda , the daughter of Bishop Prodie , and the archdeacon Grantly

What happens at the ending ?
Lucy and Ludovic get married and three other marriages take place .
Three couples get married .

What is the hero of this story s name ?
A young vicar is the hero
Mark Robarts

There is a romance going on between Mark s sister Lucy and who else ?
Lord Lufton has a romance with Lucy
Lord Lufton

Why does Lucy decline the proposal ?
Lucy recognized the great gulf between social positions .
She can tell there is a great expanse between their social positions

Which person does Martha Dunstable marry ?
Doctor Thorne marries Martha
Doctor Thorne

What vanquishes Lord Lufton s doting mother ?
Lord Lufton s determination
His determination .

Which person Griselda become engaged to ?
Lord Dumbello proposes to Griselda
Lord Dumbello

Is Lady Lufton for Lord Lufton s marriage with Lucy ?
Lady Lufton is against the marriage
No , Lady Lufton is against the marriage

Why does Lady Lufton not want Lord Lufton to marry Lucy ?
Lady Lufton thinks that Lucy is not significant enough for the high position .
She feels Lucy is too insignificant to marry him .

Between which persons is there a rivalry between at the end of the story ?
Mrs Proudie and Mrs Grantly
Mrs Proudie and Mrs Grantly .

Where does Mark Robarts live ?
Framley in Barsetshire .
Framley .

Who loans Mark Robarts money ?
Mr. Sowerby .
Lord Lufton .

Who does Lord Lufton propose to ?
Lucy .
Lucy

Who does not approve of the romantic relationship between Lord Lufton and Lucy ?
Lady Lufton .
Lady Lufton

Who does Lady Lufton want Lord Lufton to marry ?
Griselda Grantly .
Griselda Grantly

Why does Lucy initially reject Lord Lufton s proposal ?
Lucy understands the large gap in societal status between herself and Lord Lufton .
There is a great gap in their social positions

What is Mr. Sowerby s occupation ?
Whig member of Parliament .
He is a member of Paarliament

When Robart is unable to pay off the loan , baliffs come to house and do what ?
Take inventory of his furniture .
inventory his furniture

Who is Lady Lufton in relation to Mark Robart ?
Lady Lufton is the mother of Mark Robart s childhood friend .
Mother of his childhood friend

Why does Mark agree to Mr. Sowerby s loan ?
Mark is trying to climb the social and economic ladder .
to seek connections in high society and further his career

