What does Chip suggest Steven watch with Robin ?
Sleepless in Seattle .
Sleepless in Seattle .

What is Steven arrested for ?
Possession of stolen property .
Possession of stolen property .

What does Chip tell Steven his real name is ?
Ricky Ricardo .
Ricky Ricardo

What does Chip use to blackmail Steven at his family dinner ?
A picture of him with a prostitute .
A picture of Steven with Heather .

Which Star Trek episode is referenced in the arena battle at Medival Times ?
Amok Time .
Amok Time

What does RIck suggest to Steven in the beginning of the story ?
That he bribe the cable guy for free channels
To bribe the cable guy .

Why does Steven get fired from his job ?
Chip sends a video of Steven insulting his boss to Steven s work .
For stalking customers

What reasoning does Chip give for his actions as police are arriving at the satellite ?
Being raised by television .
He was raised by television

Why does Steven punch Chip ?
Chip implies that he slept with Robin .
Steven thought Chip slept with Robin

Why was Chip fired from the cable company ?
For stalking customers .
He was stalking customers .

Why did Steven Kovacs move into his own apartment at the beginning of the story ?
His proposal to his girlfriend failed .
His marriage proposal was refused .

Why did Chip make Steven one of his preferred customers ?
Steven hung out with him as a friend .
Bribes him to get channels and makes him hang out with him .

What did Steven invite Robin to watch with him ?
Sleepless in Seattle .
Sleepless in Seattle

Who did Chip nearly kill at Medieval Times ?
Steven .
Steven

How does Chip blackmail Steven while having dinner with Steven s family ?
He threatened that he will show everyone the photo that was taken while he was with a prostitute .
With photos of him with a prostitute .

Why was Steven fired from his job ?
Chip sent out a video of Steven insulting his boss .
Chip told on him .

Why was Chip fired from the cable company ?
He was stalking customers .
He was stalking customers .

What does Chip claim made him behave the way he did ?
He was raised by television .
He claims to have a parent and child relationship with television .

What did Chip install in Steven s apartment ?
An expensive home theater system .
a expensive home theater system

What drives Steven to move out into his own apartment ?
The proposal to his girlfriend failed
He breaks up with his girlfriend after a failed marriage proposal .

What suspicious behavior does Steven initially notice from Chip ?
He starts to see him everywhere he goes
Running into him at the gym and leaving him multiple messages .

What event did Chip arrange with Steven at Medieval time ?
To battle each other
Battling in the arena

What was Heathers profession ?
She was a prostitute
Prostitute .

When Chip meets Robins date in the bathroom , what does he do ?
He beats him up and tells him to stay away from Robin
Beats him up and tells him to stay away from Robin

What gesture does Chip make in order to get Robin to go back out with Steven ?
He updates her cable and tells her it s a gift from Steven
Fixes her cable and tells her Steven paid

At dinner , what item does Chip have that he threatens to blackmail Steven with ?
A picture of him with a prostitute
Photos of Steven sleeping with a prostitute

How did Chip get Steven fired from his job ?
He showed his work a hidden video of Steven insulting his boss
He sent out an incriminating tape .

What information does Rick reveal to Steven about Chip s employment ?
That Chip has actually been fired for stalking customers and using fake names
He was fired from the cable company

Who does Chip latch onto at the end of the story ?
The paramedic
Paramedic

