Who is the main character telling the story ?
Bernard Mauprat
old bernard

Which fairy tale is the story inspired by ?
Beauty and the Beast
Beauty and the Beast

When does the story take place ?
Before the French Revolution
before the French Revolution

What happens after the death of Bernard s mother ?
He becomes a brutalized enfant sauvage , taken in by a gang
He s raised by feudal kinsman

Who becomes a prisoner of Bernard s so called family ?
Edmee , his cousin
Edmee

Why does Bernard help Edmee escape ?
Because he wants to marry her
He wants to marry her .

How does Bernard coerce Edmee into marriage ?
By threatening her with rape .
Bernard threatens to rape Edmee .

How fast is the courtship between Bernard and Edmee ?
It is a long , slow one .
It s a gradual , slow courtship

What major historical event occurs during the story ?
American Revolutionary War
The French Revolution .

How does the story end ?
With a trial
with a trial scene

What is the difference between the themes presented in Beauty and the Beast and Mauprat s character ?
Beauty and the Beast is a fairy tale about finding love , but Mauprat s character is about male enlightenment , female socialization and equality .
there s no happy ending marriage , and the female gender role is different

Why does Bernard threaten to rape Edmee ?
He threatens her because he wants to make sure she keeps her promise of marrying him .
he wants her to marry him

Does Edmee willing want to marry Bernard ?
Edmee does not want to marry Bernard , but she is forced to because he helped her escape .
No

Explain why you think Bernard was one a good man ?
Bernard was a nobleman in the beginning , but after his mother died , he was corrupted by family members who changed him .
i do n't

Who is the hero and heroine in the story ?
Bernard is the hero and Edmee is the heroine .
Bernard and Edmee

What was the difference in men and women s roles before the French Revolution ?
Women were perceived as domestic housewives and men were perceived as the head and the bread winner .
Women were passive in courtship and marriage and were mostly trained for domesticity .

Why do you think Bernard wants to marry Edmee ?
He wants to marry her so that he can change back to the nobleman he once was .
He wants to have sex with her without raping her .

What do you think is the nature of Edmee and Bernard s relationship ?
In the beginning , the relationship was not stable and lacked trust because the threatening rape promise , but they ended up learning from each other .
bernard forced edmee into a relationship

Is this a story about love ?
It is a story about growth , maturity , and human relationships , all of which correlate with love .
yes

In what era did Bernard live ?
before the French Revolution
before the French Revolution

Who raised Bernard ?
a violent gang
A violent gang

Why did the gang raise Bernard ?
his mother died
Bernard s mother died .

How was Bernard related to the gang members ?
they were his feudal kinsman
they are feudal kinsmen

What does Bernard say he became after being raised by the gang ?
a brutalized enfant sauvage
enfant sauvage

How are Bernard and Edmee related ?
cousins
they are cousins

What kind of promise does Bernard elicit from Edmee ?
promise of marriage
of marriage

What does Bernard threaten Edmee with to elicit this promise ?
rape
Bernard threatens to rape Edmee .

Who holds Edmee captive ?
Bernards family , ie the gang
Bernard s family .

Who helps Edmee escape ?
Bernard
bernard

