What was the first thing Glinda found missing when she woke up in her palace ?
Glinda first found that her Great Book of Records was missing .
Her Great Book of Records is missing

What was the second thing Glinda found missing after she woke up in her palace ?
Glinda found her magic tools were also missing .
Her Magic Tools

What did the wizard also find missing when he offered to help Glinda ?
The wizard found his magic tools were missing too .
His own magic tools

What did the Czarover of Herku invent that made his people strong enough to keep giants as slaves ?
Czarover of Herku invented an energy compound that made his people strong enough to keep giants as slaves .
A pure energy compound called zosozo .

Where did Ugu the Shoemaker come from ?
Ugu the Showmaker came from Herku .
Herku .

How did Dorothy turn Ugu into a dove ?
She used the power from the magic belt .
by making a wish with a magic belt

When did Ugu capture and imprison Ozma ?
Ugu captured and imprisoned Ozma when she caught him stealing the magic instruments .
When she found him stealing magic items

Why did n't Dorothy change Ugu back to his original form ?
Ugu decided he preferred being a dove .
he liked being a dove

What was stolen from Cayke ?
Her diamond-studded gold dishpan was stolen .
Her magic dishpan .

What happened to Button-Bright after the group arrived at Ugu s castle ?
Button-Bright got separated from the group and fell into a pit .
he falls into a pit

What does Dorothy realize in Ozma s chamber after visiting emerald city ?
Ozma is not there
Ozma is not there .

What does Glinda find missing in her palace ?
her Great Book of Records
Her Great Book of Records .

What does the wizard offer to Glinda ?
His magic tools
His magic tools

Why does Glinda not receive the Wizard s offering ?
They are missing
His magic tools are missing as well .

Where do Dorothy and her party search ?
Winkie Country
Winkie Country , Herku and Ugu s castle in the mountains

What happened to Cayke s dishpan ?
It was stolen
it went missing

Why makes Cayke s dishpan so special ?
Its magic lets cookies come out perfect every time .
It makes her cookies perfect every time she cooks them .

What does Czarover offer Dorothy and the party ?
zosozo
six doses of zosozo

What does Dorothy turn Ugu into ?
a dove
a dove

Who helps the party find ?
The Little Pink Bear
Little Pink Bear helps find Ozma

When Dorothy wakes , who does she find is missing ?
Ozma
Ozma

When Glinda wakes , what does she notice is missing ?
The Great Book of Records
Her Great Book of Records and magic tools

Who owns the plateau in Winkie Country ?
The Yips .
The Yips

Who do the Thi and Herku keep as slaves ?
Giants .
giants

What is the pure energy compund called ?
Zosozo
Zosozo .

How many doses of Zosozo is the group offered to use in their travels ?
Six .
Six .

Who falls into a pit at Ugu s castle ?
Button-Bright
Button-Bright

Who has stolen the magical defenses ?
Ugu
Ugu

Where is Ozma being carried ?
In Button-Bright s jacket pocket .
In Button-Brights jacket pocket where he put the peach pit .

What does Ugu decide to remain as at the end of the story ?
A dove .
A dove .

