Where did Cindy and Dean meet ?
Cindy and Dean met at Cindy s grandmother s nursing home .
at a nursing home

When Cindy found out she was pregnant , who did she think was the likely father of her child ?
Cindy s ex-boyfriend , Bobby .
Her ex-boyfriend Bobby .

What was Cindy s occupation when she and Dean were already a couple living in rural Pennsylvania ?
Nurse
nurse at a clinic

What name did Cindy give to her daughter ?
Frankie
Frankie

When Cindy told Dean that she wanted a divorce , what was Dean s argument to convince her to give their marriage another chance ?
Dean asked Cindy if she wanted Frankie to grow up in a broken home .
He does n't want their daughter to grow up in a broken home

Where did Dean work before he met Cindy ?
Brooklyn
A moving company .

When Dean and Cindy were already living in rural Pennsylvania , where did Cindy bump into Bobby ?
Liquor store
At a liquor store .

When Dean was seen walking out of the house after the couple apologized to each other , how did Dean trick Frankie to send her back to Cindy ?
Dean tricks Frankie by challenging her to a race .
He challenges her to a race and then walks away .

When Cindy decided to cancel the abortion procedure , where did Dean tell her that he did n't mind if the baby was not his ?
On a bus
On the bus ride home .

Why was Cindy called early morning by her boss Dr. Feinberg ?
To talk to her about a position he had offered her and ask if she would move closer to work .
To talk about a position her offered her .

Who did Cindy see in the liquor store ?
Bobby
Bobby .

Why did Cindy leave the hotel early ?
She was called into the clinic she works at
She gets called into work .

Who is Frankie ?
Cindy s daughter
Dean and Cindy s daughter .

Why did Dean and Cindy argue on the way to the hotel ?
Cindy tells Dean about seeing Bobby
Because Cindy saw Bobby .

What did Cindy decide at the abortion clinic ?
To cancel the appointment
To not go through with the procedure .

Where do Dean and Cindy live with their daughter ?
Rural Pennsylvania
They live in rural Pennsylvania .

What was Dean delivering when he met Cindy ?
Dean was delivering furniture
Furniture .

Why did Cindy think Dr. Feinberg offered her a new position ?
She thought it was because she was good at her job .
Because she was good at her job .

What was Dean s job when Cindy first met him ?
He was a mover .
He helped in moving houses .

Where did Cindy and Dean meet ?
At the nursing home Cindy s grandmother was in .
A nursing home .

What is Cindy s college major ?
Pre-med
Pre-med .

Where do Cindy and Dean meet ?
In Cindy s grandmother s nursing home
At a nursing home .

Who is Cindy s boss ?
Dr. Feinberg
Dr. Feinberg

Where do Cindy and Dean settle down ?
Rural Pennsylvania
In rural Pennsylvania .

What does Bobby ask Cindy in the liquor store ?
If she has ever cheated on her husband
If she has ever cheated on her husband .

How do Cindy and Dean get home from the abortion clinic ?
On the bus
Take the bus .

Why does Dr. Feinberg offer Cindy a promotion ?
So that they can spend more time together
He wants to see her on weekends

How does Dean send Frankie back to Cindy at the end of the story ?
By challenging her to a race
He tricks her into a fake race

Who beats up Dean before the wedding ?
Bobby
Bobby

Why did Cindy leave early from the hotel ?
She got called into work
She gets called into work .

Where did Cindy and Dean meet at ?
They met at the nursing home where Cindy s grandmother lived .
her grandmother s nursing home

What was Dean doing at Cindy s grandmother s nursing home when they met ?
Dean was delivering a new resident s furniture .
Delivering furniture

Where does Dean work at ?
Dean works in Brooklyn for a moving company .
He is a house painter .

Who does Cindy think is the father to her baby ?
She thinks the baby could be Bobby s because they did n't use protection .
Bobby .

How does Dean feel about Cindy s baby not being his baby ?
Dean still wants to be with Cindy and be a family with her and the baby .
He does n't care .

Why did Cindy leave the motel early in the morning ?
Cindy was called to go to work at the clinic .
To go to work .

Why was CIndy upset about the job position her boss offered her ?
Cindy thought she was getting the job because she was a great worker but her boss wanted to be closer to her .
It s to spend time with her , instead of because of her skill .

Why did Dean show up at Cindy s work mad and get into it with Cindy s boss , Dr. Feinberg ?
Dean was mad Cindy left the motel earlier and did not wake him up .
She left the motel without telling him and he was drunk

What does Frankie do when Dean leaves the house ?
She hollers for him and wants him to stay .
Runs after him .

What are two things in Cindy s personal life that interfere with her studies ?
Her parents constantly fighting and her aging grandmother occupy a lot of her time .
her fighting parents and her and later her pregnancy

How is Dean making his living ?
He is working as a furniture mover in Brooklyn .
Painting houses .

How do Dan and Cindy meet ?
Cindy is visiting her grandmother at her nursing home in Pennsylvania and Dean is delivering furniture to that same home .
Cindy s grandmother s nursing home .

After Dean and Cindy begin dating , what does she discover about herself that could complicate the relationship ?
Cindy learns that she is pregnant and it is not likely that the baby is Dean s ?
She found out that she is pregnant .

When Cindy and Dean discuss her pregnancy , how does he react to the news ?
Dean wants to be with Cindy and raise the child whether it is his child or not .
He is OK with the child not being his and wants to start a family with her .

What happens at Dean and Cindy s wedding that is out of the ordinary for a wedding ?
cindy s ex-boyfriend Bobby appears at the wedding and beats up Dean .
Cindy s ex-boyfriend Bobby beats Dean up .

How do Dean and Cindy make a living after they marry and have their child ?
Dean paints houses and Cindy works as a nurse in a clinic .
Dean is a painter and Cindy works as a nurse .

Who does Cindy run into while on a romantic getaway with Dean who puts a pall on their getaway causing fights between them ?
Cindy runs into Bobby at a liquor store .
Bobby .

What angered Dean the morning he showed up drunk at the clinic that Cindy is working in ?
He was angered by the fact that Cindy woke up and left the hotel without telling him .
That she left the motel without telling him

As the marriage dissolves , what does Dean tell a distraught Frankie to do ?
Dean urges Frankie to go back to her mother .
Go back to her mother

