Who is the rich man that takes Feather under his wing ?
Lord Coombe
Lord Combe

Who is Robin s first friend ?
Donal
A little boy named Donal

Why does Robin hate Coombe ?
She heard that it was his fault that Donal left
She blames him for losing her friend Donal

Who becomes Robin s guardian ?
Lord Coombe
Lord Coombe .

How does the German trick Robin into entering a house of ill repute ?
He plays on her desire to provide for herself
He uses her desire to be able to support herself .

What is Feather s relationship with her daughter like ?
She does n't care about Robin at all
nonexistent

Who befriends Robin and throws her a small dance ?
The Duchess
the Duchess

Who does Robin meet again at the dance ?
Donal
Donal .

In the end of the passage , what do the Duchess and Coombe learn just as Robin meets Donal again ?
The archduke was assassinated
An archduke had been killed

What is Robin like as she grows up ?
Innocent , lovely , intelligent
She is lovely and intelligent , though innocent .

Who is the best dressed man in London ?
Lord Coombe
Lord Coombe

After what life-changing event does Lord Coombe take Feather under his wing ?
After the death of Feather s husband .
Feather s husband dies .

What is Coombe s true motivation for involving himself in Feathers ' life ?
To watch over and protect Robin .
to keep Robin safe

As the audience is first introduced to Coombe , what is understood of his personality ?
Coombe is intelligent , observant , and wicked .
intelligent and wicked

As a child , why does Robin refer to Feather as The Woman Downstairs ?
Robin does not know Feather is her mother as a young child , due to Feather s negligence .
She was nothing more to him

In what sort of establishment does the German nobleman trap Robin ?
A brother ; a house of ill-repute .
House of ill repute .

Why does Robin blame Coombe for the incident involving Donal ?
Donal s mother sweeps Donal away when she finds out about his relationship with Robin because Donal s mother thinks so poorly of Coombe and Feather .
Because she hears that Donal s mother took him away because she did n't like Coombe .

Why does Coombe build Robin a series of rooms ?
Coombe has secretly taken on the roll of Robin s guardian .
Because he likes her and is her guardian

As Coombe and the Duchess learn of an assassination in Syrbia , who does Robin meet ?
Robin reunites with Donal .
Donal

Why does the Duchess take in Robin ?
The Duchess takes in Robin because of Coombe s encouragement .
Because she has lost her long time female companion

Who is considered the best-dressed man in London ?
Lord Coombe
coombe

Who does Lord Coombe take under his wing when her husband dies ?
Feather
Feather .

Who is Feather s daughter ?
Robin
Robin

What does Robin call her real mother ?
The Lady Downstairs
The Lady Downstairs .

Why does Robin hate Coombe ?
Robin heard a conversation that blamed Coombe for the loss of her first friend .
She blames him for Donal leaving

Who was Robin s first friend ?
Donal
Donal

A nobleman from what country tries to make Robin his plaything ?
Germany
Germany .

Who is one of Coombe s few true confidants ?
a dowager Duchess
the Duchess

Where does Robin meet Donal again ?
At a dance
a small dance

Who is assassinated in Serbia ?
The Austrian Archduke
Austrian Archduke

