Who are Deputy Sheriff Jack Lamb and his son Joe grieving ?
Jack and his son are grieving the death of his wife Elizabeth .
Joe s mother Elizabeth

What does Joe witness while the kids are filming a midnight scene at the train station ?
While they are filming at the train station , Joe witnesses a pickup truck driving onto the tracks .
a pick up truck drive onto the tracks and ram a train

What do the six kids find after the train crashes into the pickup truck ?
They find their Biology teacher barely alive .
strange white cubes

What do Joe and Charles discover on their developed reel ?
The two boys discovered that a large creature had escaped the train .
They discover that a creature escaped from the train that was wrecked .

What does Joe learn from Alice s father ?
Alice s father tells Joe that his daughter has been kidnapped , taken by the large creature on the film .
That alice has been abducted by the alien .

Which kid is injured as they go through town trying to track the alien down ?
Martin is injured and an explosion and Charles agrees to stay with him as Joe and Carey continue searching .
Martin

Where do Joe and Carey finally find Alice ?
The two remaining boys find Alice in a chamber beneath the town s water tower .
In a chamber beneath the towns water tower , hanging unconscious from the ceiling .

How does Joe finally lose his mother s locket ?
Joe loses the locket once the alien makes it back to its ship and the ship starts attracting metal to it to build it up .
Joe lets go of it to complete the spaceship

How did Joe Lamb s mother die ?
steel mill accident
A steel mill accident

Why was n't Alice s father at work the night Elizabeth died ?
he had a hangover
Because he was recovering from a hangover .

Why were the teens at the site of the train crash ?
they were filming a scene
They were filming a scene from a zombie movie they were working on producing

How was the Air Force able to get people to leave their homes ?
by starting wildfires with flamethrowers
The Air Force starts firs outside of town to force an evacuation .

When was Jack arrested ?
After he approached Col. Nelec to talk about rising panic
After the strange events begin to occur .

When did Charles notice that something had escaped from the train ?
While he was watching the derailment footage with Joe
When he was reviewing footage that he recorded of the incident .

How did the boys escape the bus ?
The alien attacked it and killed the airmen holding them
aliens attacked the bus

Why did Jack and Louis reconcile ?
they needed to work together to rescue their children
Because they agree to put their differences aside when Louis ' daughter Alice goes missing

What was attached to the base of the water tower ?
a device that the alien had built
The spaceship .

What was taken from Joe before the alien s ship left ?
his mother s locket
a locket

Where is Jack from ?
Lillian , Ohio
Lillian , Ohio

How did Joe s mother die ?
In a steel mill accident
A steel mill accident

Who does Jack blame for her death ?
Louis Dainard
Jack blames Alice s father for his wife s death .

Who does Joe fall in love with ?
Alice
Alice

Who is Joe s best friend ?
Charles
Charles Kaznyk

Who makes the train derail ?
Mr. Woodward
A pickup truck .

Who orders Jack to be arrested ?
Nelec
Nelec

What year did the Alien s plane crash ?
1958
1958

Who quietly speaks to the alien ?
Joe
Joe

What does the Alien plan to do with Alice ?
Use her as food
Use her as food .

