Why would the time machine refuse to function when set to certain times/places ?
because going to that time/place could change the past
The net was closed .

What is slippage ?
when someone is put in a different place/time to avoid a paradox
A shift of the exact time travel location .

What happens at the university just after Kivrin is sent to the past ?
The technician falls ill
An influenza outbreak begins .

What important event is happening in the time period Kivrin is at ?
an outbreak of the black death pandemic
The Black Plague .

Why is the time travel shut down after kivrin leaves ?
because they fear that modern day virus could be spread to the past
Influenza epidemic

Who does Roche think Kivrin is ?
a saint sent from God
Saint

What event is paralleled between the past and present ?
a deadly pandimic that kills most of the people
they realize at the same time that she was sent back to the wrong time period

How do the people of the past explain Kivrins ability to read and write ?
they think she is a nun
That she has fled from a convent

Who comes to rescue Kivrin from the past ?
Professor Dunworth and Colin .
Professor Dunworthy

Why does Professor Gilchrist convince the authorities to allow Kivrin to travel to 1320 ?
To improve his own prestige .
To enhance his own professional reputation .

What did history prevent time travel to do ?
Change events in the past .
Prevented time travel to places where the course of time could be changed .

In which place in 1320 did Kivrin Engle want her professor to send her to ?
Oxford .
Oxford

Who was the technician who set up Kivrin s travel coordinates ?
Badri Chaudhuri
Badri Chaudri

What is the drop point ?
The exact place where one was dropped off and where the person has to also return to get back home .
The place where she arrived

What skills did Kivrin possess that were unusual for people in the 14th century ?
Reading and writing .
reading and writing

Why did Professor Gilchrist order to close the net ?
Because the virus seemed to have also used time travel to get to future Oxford .
To keep the influenza from coming back in .

In which year did Kivrin actually arrive in England due to a mistake ?
1348
1348

Who wanted to go back in time to save Kivrin ?
Professor Dunworthy .
Professor Dunworthy

What did Father Roche do with Kivrin ?
Brought her to the manor when she was sick after arriving .
brought her to the manor

What did Father Roche believe Kivrin was ?
God s messenger to him and the congregation .
God s messenger to him .

What does Kivrin specialize in ?
medieval history
Medieval history

Why do the authorities not want Kivrin to travel to Oxford in 1320 ?
It was 300 years earlier than anyone had time traveled
they deemed it too dangerous because they ve never traveled that far back before

Where must Kivrin go to be returned home ?
to the exact location where she arrived/drop point
the drop site

What do people in the 14th century assume about Kivrin when they learn she can read and write ?
That she has escaped a convent and is a nun
That she is a nun who has fled her convent

What disease is spreading in the time period where Kivrin arrives ?
the black death/plague
The Black Plague .

Who found Kivrin when she was sick and brought her to the manor ?
Father Roche
Father Roche .

What did Father Roche initially believe about Kivrin ?
That she is a saint sent to help by God
That she was a saint sent by God to help during the plague .

What is Kivrin wearing when she is rescued ?
a boy s jerkin
A boy s jerkin .

Who rescues Kivrin ?
Dunworthy and Colin
Professor Dunworthy and Colin , the great-nephew of Dr. Mary Ahrens

What epidemic hits 21st century Oxford ?
Influenza
Influenza .

