How many children does Mr. Stanley have ?
5
Five .

Where does Ann Veronica go to school ?
Tredgold Women s College
Central Imperial College .

How much money does Ann borrow from Mr. Ramage ?
40 pounds
40 pounds .

Who does Ann fall in love with in the biological laboratory ?
Capes
Capes .

What does Capes do at the laboratory ?
He is the demonstrator
he s a demonstrator

Why does Ann abandon her studies ?
Mr. Ramage tried to force himself on her .
Dr. Ramage tried to force himself on her .

What new study does Ann move on to after leaving the laboratory ?
Women s sufferage
Women s suffrage .

Who does Ann marry ?
Hubert Manning
Capes .

Who does Ann love ?
Capes
Capes .

Where is Ann s honeymoon ?
The Alps
The Alps .

What does Mr. Stanley forbid Ann from attending ?
A fancy dress ball in London , during a crisis .
A fancy dress ball in London .

Where does Ann choose to live on her own ?
An apartment somewhere along Hampstead Road .
North London .

How does Ann pay for her bills without a job ?
She borrows 40 pounds from Mr. Ramage , an older gentleman .
She borrows money from Mr. Rampage .

Who does Ann fall in love with while attending college ?
Capes , the laboratory demonstrator .
Capes .

What happens between Ann and Mr. Ramage that leads her to leave her studies ?
Mr. Ramage tries to force himself on Ann because of the money he lent her .
Mr. Rampage tries to force himself on her .

Why is Ann arrested and spend a month in prison ?
She joined the women suffragete movement and stormed parliament .
She storms Parliament for women s suffrage .

Where does Ann go after prison ?
Back to her father s home .
Her father s house .

What does Ann tell Capes ?
That she loves him .
That she wants to be whatever she can be to him .

What is Capes response to what Ann tells him ?
That he is already married and sulled by a love affair that went public , and the two can just be friends .
That they can only be friends .

How does the story resolve ?
With Ann and Caps happily together four years later with a child and Capes a successful playwright .
Capes and Ann live together happily ; having a baby and Ann reconciled with her family

What did Mr. Stanley s youngest child study ?
Biology
biology

Why did Ann Veronica leave home ?
Her father was too controlling .
because of her father s restrictions on her

How long was Ann Veronica s stay in prison ?
She spent a month in prison .
a month

Why did Ann Veronica break off her engagement to Hubert Manning ?
She did n't love him .
She was not in love with him .

Why does Capes say that the relationship with Ann wo n't work ?
Although he is separated from his wife , they are still married .
He is married and has a sullied reputation .

Where did Capes and Ann Veronica pend their honeymoon ?
In the Alps .
The Alps .

What made Ann Veronica distraught enough to leave her shoolings at Central Imperial College ?
Capes forced himself on her .
Mr. Rampage tries to force her to have sex with him .

Why did Ann Veronica have to do business with Mr. Ramage ?
She needed to borrow money after not being able to find work .
Because she could not find suitable employment and needed money .

What career did Capes end up becoming after leaving his teaching career ?
He became a playwright .
Playwright .

How many siblings did Ann Veronica have ?
She had four siblings .
Four .

