When Matthew Bramble and his family travel , what 2 countries do they travel through ?
They travel through Scotland and England .
England and Scotland

Who is revealed later in the story to be Matthew s illegitimate child ?
His illegitimate son is Humphrey .
Jeremy Melford

What personal goal does Tabitha have for taking the trip ?
She wants to find herself a husband .
To look for a husband

Who serves as the comic foil to Tabitha ?
The comic foil is Win Jenkins .
Win Jenkins

Who is revealed in Bramble s letters to be hot-headed and easily angered ?
It is Jeremy Medford .
Jeremy Melford .

What revealed to be Wilson s real name ?
He is George Dennison .
George Dennison

Who does Lydia correspond with to mainly discuss her relationship with Wilson ?
She writes to Miss Letitia Willis .
Letitia Willis

Humphrey Clinker is falsely imprisoned for being what ?
A Highway robber .
Highway robber

What important family events happen during the book s ending ?
There are several weddings .
Multiple Weddings

Why does Matthew go on a trip with his family and his servants ?
Matthew is ill and they are seeking treatment to help him get better .
To improve Matthew Bramble s health .

What does Matthew s sister hope to get out of this trip with her brother ?
Tabitha is hoping to find herself a husband .
Search for a husband

What is Lydia trying to recover from ?
Lydia is trying to pull herself together from a messy relationship .
An unfortunate romantic entanglement .

Why is Humphry incarcerated ?
He is wrongly accused of being a highway robber .
He was accused of being a highway robber .

Who does Humphry turn out to be ?
Humphry is Mr. Bramble s son from a fling he had with a barmaid .
Mr. Bramble s illegitimate son from a barmaid

Who is Humphry s girfriend ?
Winifred Jenkins , the maid , is his woman .
Tabitha Bramble .

What does Lydia tell Miss Letitia she is having a hard time handling ?
Lydia is having a hard time with handling the way she feels about Wilson and how she should be there for her family .
Family duty and Wilson

What does Bramble say about the kind of person his nephew , Jeremy , is ?
Bramble basically says his nephew is short fused , ill tempered and hot headed .
Hot headed

Where is Bramble and his family traveling through ?
They are traveling through England and Scotland .
England and Scotland .

Where does Bramble go to try to get treatment to feel better ?
Bramble goes to different spas to help him get well .
Various natural spas

Where are Matthew Bramble , his servants along with his family traveling ?
England and Scotland
Through England and Scotland .

Why is Matthew Bramble traveling ?
To attempt to restore his health
Restore the health of the gouty

What is Matthew Bramble s estate called ?
Brambleton Hall
Brambleton Hall .

Where is Matthew Bramble s estate located ?
In the south-western corner of England
Brambleton Hall in the southwestern part of England

Who is Matthew Bramble s physician ?
Dr. Lewis
Dr. Lewis

Who is Matthew Bramble s sister ?
Tabitha
Tabitha Bramble

Why does Matthew Bramble s sister go on the journey with him ?
To find a spouse
To look for a husband

Who is Tabitha s servant ?
Winifred Jenkins
Win Jenkins .

Who does Jenkins fall in love with at London ?
Humphry Clinker
Humprey clinker

Who falsely goes to prison being accused of highway robbery ?
Humphry Clinker
Humphry Clinker

