The daughters of Julio Madariaga marry men of which two nationalities ?
French and German .
French and German

What is the profession of Julio Madariaga ?
He was the owner of a ranch .
Rancher

Marcelo Desonyers can be assumed to be conversant in at least which two languages ?
French and Spanish .
French and Spanish .

What are the first names of the Desonyers children ?
Julio and Chichi .
Julio and ChiChi

What motivates Julio to fight in the war ?
He is motivated by the attention which his married love interest shows to her wounded husband .
When Marguerite was wounded in the battle

Why does Marcelo choose to defend a German soldier ?
Because the German soldier had earlier spared his life .
Because he spared Marcelo s life .

Which side of the war does the Hartrott family fight on ?
The German side .
Germany s

What does Marcelo regret about the grandchildren his daughter might have ?
He regrets that they will not bear his family name .
They will not bear the Desnoyers name .

Marcelo s mansion is located in which city ?
Paris , France .
Paris

Julio was likely named for which of his relatives ?
His maternal grandfather .
His grandfather Julio Madariaga

Where does Marcelo Desonyers travel to at the beginning of the story ?
Argentina
Argentina

Who does Marcelo marry ?
The elder daughter of Julio Madariaga
The oldest daughter of Julio Madariaga .

Where do Marcelo and his family move to with Julio and ChiChi ?
Paris France
France

What married woman does Julio flirt with ?
Marguerite Laurier
Marguerite Laurier

Who does Marguerite s younger daughter marry ?
Karl Hartrott
Marcelo Desonyers

Where do the Hartrotts move back to ?
Germany
Germany .

How does Julio die ?
In war
He is killed in battle .

Why does Marcelo defend a German man ?
He spared his life earlier
He had earlier spared his life .

What will ChiChi s children not have ?
The name Desnoyers
the name Desnoyers

What causes Julio to join the war ?
Marguerites attention to her wounded husband
Jelousy of his lover s husband , who has been wounded in battle .

Who is Julio Madariaga s oldest daughter ?
She is the wife of Marcelo Desonyers .
Marcelo s wife

Who is Julio Desnoyers ?
The son of Marcelo Desnoyers and his wife .
The son of Marcelo Desnoyers .

What happened as the last of the French soldiers try to hold back the German soldiers ?
Marcelo defended a German man who had earlier spared his life .
Marcelo defends a German man who had saved him .

Where do Marcelo Desnoyers and his future wife meet ?
In Argentina .
Argenitina

Why is Marcelo sad while visiting Julio s grave ?
Because his grandchildren will not carry on the Desnoyers family name .
His family name will no got on .

Why are the Desnoyers and Hartrott families against one another at the onset of WWI ?
Because Karl Hartott is German and moved back to Germany .
They support different sides of the war .

What happens to Julio Desnoyers at the end of the war ?
He is killed in battle .
He dies in battle .

What is the name of Marcelo s daughter ?
Chichi .
Chichi

Where does the Desnoyers family live after moving back to France ?
A mansion in Paris .
Live a mansion in Paris

Why is Julio Desnoyers praised after being wounded ?
For his valor .
For his valour .

