Why is Des Grieux s father disappointed in him ?
Because he gave up his nobility and fortune to be with Manon .
He ran away with Manon .

What does Des Grieux struggle with while in Paris with Manon ?
He struggles with satisfying Manon and their taste for luxury .
his father

How does Des Grieux come up with money ?
Des Grieux borrows money from his friend Tiberge and steals from gamblers .
Borrowing

Why does Manon Leave Des Grieux ?
Because Des Grieux becomes poor after unfortunate events that cost his money .
the fear of living in penury

What happens when Manon and Des Grieux end up in New Orleans ?
Manon is deported as a prostitute and they pretend that they are married .
She dies

What happens when Des Grieux tells the Governor he wants to marry Manon ?
The governor s nephew tries to win Manon s and in marriage .
The governors nephew wanted to marry her

Why does Des Grieux challenge the governors nephew in a duel ?
Because he wants to be the one to marry Manon .
THe nephew wanted to marry Manon

Why did Manon and Des Grieux flee New Orleans ?
Des Grieux thought he killed the governors nephew during the duel .
Des Griex thought he killed the Governor s nephew .

What happens to Manon in the wilderness ?
She dies from exposure and exhaustion trying to find an English settlement .
Manon died of exposure and exhaustion .

Where does Des Grieux end up at the end ?
He ends up back in France .
France

What is the name of the main character in the story ?
Chevalier des Grieux
Des Grieux

Why did the main character become estranged from his family ?
Because he ran off with a woman that his father disapproved of .
He ran away with Manon .

Where do the two lovers go after leaving New Orleans ?
Into the wilderness of Louisiana .
the wilderness

Who were the two men pursuing Manon ?
des Grieux and the Governor s newphew
Chevalier des Grieux and the Governor s nephew

In what century did the story take place ?
19th century
18th century

What was Manon s occupation ?
Prostitute
prostitute

What things did the main character do to show his feelings and love for his lover ?
Runs away with her , borrows money and cheats gamblers .
Borrowing

Who does the Governor s nephew get into a fight with ?
des Grieux
Des Grieux

What happens to the main character s lover ?
She dies of exposure in the wilderness .
She died .

Who is the good friend of the main character who takes him back to France ?
Tiberge
Tiberge

Who forfeits their inheritance to marry the one they love ?
Chevalier Des Grieux
Des Grieux

Who dies of exposure in the Louisiana wilderness ?
Manon Lescaut
Manon

What loyal friend lends Des Grieux money ?
Tiberge
Tiberge

Who takes Des Grieux back to France at the endnof the story ?
Tiberge
Tiberge

Why do the lovers end up in North America ?
Manon was deported as a prostitute
Manon was deported as a prostitute .

Where do the lovers end up after Manon s deportation ?
New Orleans
New Orleans

Who duels Des Grieux for Manon s favor ?
Governor s nephew
The Governor s nephew .

What is the outcome of Des Grieux s duel ?
Des Grieux knocks out his opponent
Des Grieux knocked the nephew unconscious .

What were the lovers hoping to find in the Louisiana wilderness ?
An English settlement
an English settlement

Why does Manon leave Des Grieux for other men in Paris ?
Because he lost his wealth
He was richer

