What is terrorizing Urland ?
There is a dragon terrorizing Urland .
Vermithrax

What does the dragon need to be appeased ?
He needs the sacrafice of a virgin .
Virgins

How are the virgins selected ?
They are selected through a lottery .
in a lottery

Where does Hodge put the ashes of Ulrich s body after he is killed ?
Hodge puts the ashes in a leather pouch .
in a pouch

How does Ulrich want his ashes disposed of ?
He wants them spread over a lake of burning water .
spread over the lake of burning water

How does Galen attempt to seal the dragon s lair ?
He wants to cause rocks to fall from the cliff .
a rockslide from the cliff above

When the dragon escapes from its prison , what disaster does he cause ?
The dragon causes an earthquake .
earthquake

What does Valerian use to make Galen s shield ?
He uses molted dragon scales to make the shield .
Dragon scales .

When Galen fights the dragon , what saves him from incinerating ?
The shield made by Valerian saves him .
Valerian s Shield

What does Galen wish for as he leave town following the death of the dragon ?
He wishes for a horse .
A horse

What is the dragon named ?
Vermithrax
Vermithrax Pejorative .

Which kingdom is terrorized by the dragon ?
Urland
Urland .

What does the king do to appease the dragon ?
The king offers virgin girls to the dragon
virgin girls biyearly

How is the virgin girls selected ?
by lottery
Lottery

Why does Valerian disguise herself into a young man ?
to avoid being selected in the lottery
T avoid being chosen for the lottery .

Why princess Elspeth and other girls from rich families are not selected in the lottery ?
Their names are removed from the lottery
Rich parents paid to have their daughter s names removed from the lottery

Who really kill the dragon ?
the wizard Ulrich and his apprentice Galen
Galen .

Whom do the villagers credit for winning over the dragon ?
GOD
the king

Why does the king drive a sward into the dragon s dead body ?
to claim the glory for himself
To claim glory

What appears and takes the lovers , Valerian and Galen , away ?
a white horse
white horse

Why does King Casiodorus try to appease Vermithrax Perjorative ?
So the dragon will stop terrorizing Urland .
stop the terrorizing

What happens when Ulrich tries to prove his powers to Tyrian ?
Ulrich dies instantly .
tyrian stabs him

What is surprising about Valerian ?
Valerian is a young woman disguised as a man .
she s actually a woman disguised as a man

What happens when the dragon frees itself from prison ?
It causes an earthquake .
It causes an earthquake

How are the names of some children removed from the lottery ?
Their rich parents pay to have them removed .
their parents can pay to have their names removed

Who is resurrected when Galen spreads the amulet ashes over the lake ?
Ulrich .
Ulrich

Who tries to take credit for slaying the dragon ?
King Casiodorus .
The King

Why does the King return the amulet to Galen ?
To save Princess Elspeth .
To assist Galen in saving Elspeth

What is used to make Galen s shield ?
Molted dragon scales .
scales from molted dragon

Who rigs the lottery in defiance to King Casiodorus ?
Princess Elspeth .
Princess Elspeth

