Who is Lecter with at the end of the story ?
A boy
a boy

In the story , which two characters share a shocking twist ?
Lecter and Starling
Starling and lecture

What happens to Krendler at the lake house ?
He is drugged by Lector
drugged and has brain eaten

Why is Starling s reputation ruined ?
Because of a faulty drug bust
She was blamed for a drug raid that went wrong .

In the story , what is Verger s demise ?
He is eaten alive by wild boars
He is eaten by boars .

Who is Pazzi ?
He is the chief detective
Chief Inspector .

Who is Dr. Fell to Lecter ?
Lector is pretending to be Dr. Fell
Dr. Fell is Lecter s assumed identity .

What significant events happens at Union Station ?
Lecter is arrested
Lecter was captured by Verger s men

Who is the only victim who has ever survived Lector s torture ?
Verger
Mason Verger

How much is Lecter s bounty ?
3,000,000
$ 3 million .

What does the ViCAP database contain ?
A list of wanted fugitives .
Wanted fugitives

What does Lecter serve Krendler at the lake house dinner ?
His own sauteed prefrontal cortex .
His own sauteed prefrontal cortex .

Why does Mason Verger wish to find Lecter ?
To revenge himself for Lecter s torture of Verger .
He was paralyed and disfigured by him

How does Lecter escape Starling s handcuffs ?
He amputates his hand at the wrist with a meat cleaver .
He cut off his wrist .

Why does Mason Verger seek Clarice Starling s involvement in the case ?
Because he thinks it will draw Lecter out from hiding .
Because Starling will draw out Lecter from hiding .

Why is Starling disgraced at the beginning of the story ?
Because she is unjustly blamed for a botched drug raid .
botched drug raid

In which city is Lecter discovered ?
Florence , Italy
Florence , Italy .

What is Starling wearing at the lake house dinner ?
A long black velvet evening gown .
Black velvet evening gown .

How does Mason Verger die ?
He is eaten alive by his own boars .
Eaten by wild boars .

How large is Mason Verger s personal bounty for Lecter ?
$ 3 million .
$ 3 million .

What is Clarice Starling s profession ?
She is an FBI Special Agent .
fbi special agent

Ten years afer tracking down serial killer Jame Gumb , what is Clarice Starling unfairly accused of ?
Bungling a drug raid .
a messed drug raid

Who is Mason Verger ?
The only surviving victim of serial killer Hannibal Lecter .
The only survivor of Hannibal lectures torture

What does Hannibal Lecter do after he learns of Clarice Starling s disgrace ?
He send her a taunting letter .
He sent Starling a taunting letter .

What does Clarice Starling notice that is unusual about the letter she receives from Hannibal Lecter ?
It has a strange odor .
An unusual smell .

Who does Pazzi recruit to get Hannibal Lecter s fingerprints ?
A pickpocket .
a pickpocket

How does Pazzi die ?
Hannibal Lecter disembowels and hangs him .
disembowled and hung by Lector

How does Verger plan to kill Lecter ?
He plans to feed him alive to a herd of specially bred wild boars .
Feeding him to boars

How does Lecter escape after he is handcuffed by Starling ?
He chops off his own hand at the wrist with a meat cleaver .
He severs his own wrist .

