Where do the day-to-day activities take place in the earlier chapters ?
They take place in contemporary London .
London

What is the time when the Kensington Garden s park gates are closed to the public called ?
The time at the end of the day is called Lock Out Time .
Lock-out Time

Where does the story take place during a two page diversion in chaper 24 ?
In chapter 24 the story is brought to Patagonia .
Patagonia

What mode of travel is used to go from Patagonia back to England ?
The journey from Patagonia back to England is taken by ship .
Ship .

Where , specifically , does the ship from Patagonia return to in England ?
The ship returns to England at the white cliffs of Albion .
white cliffs of Albion

What must fairies and other magical inhabitants of Kensington Garden do during the day ?
During the day the fairies and other magical inhabitants must hide from ordinary people .
hide from ordinary people

Where are the middle chapters set ?
In London s famous Kensington Gardens .
Kensington Gardens

Where are three locations where the episodes take place ?
Three locations are contemporary London , Kensington Gardens , and Patagonia .
London , Kensington Gardens , and other places including Patagonia

What do the middle chapters later become ?
The middle chapters later become Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens .
Peter Pan

What is one type of travel that takes place in the early chapters in London ?
Time travel of a few years takes place in the earlier chapters .
Time travel .

In what city does The Little White Bird primarily take place ?
London
London

At what time of day as described by Barrie can the magical inhabitants move about freely ?
Lock-Out-Time
the end of the day

Where are the white cliffs located ?
Albion
Albion

In what famous garden s do the Peter Pan chapters take place ?
Kensington Gardens
Kensington Gardens .

What type of vessel is used for travel in the story of Patagonia ?
A ship
ships

Why ca n't the fairies and other magical inhabitants move about during the day ?
They must hide from ordinary people .
they have to hide from ordinary people

Who is the narrator of The Little White Bird ?
Barrie
Barrie .

All what lead to the Kensington Gardens ?
Preambulators
Perambulators .

In what chapter is there a 2-page diversion from the story where Patagonia is discussed ?
Twenty Four
chapter 24

How many sections of the story are there ?
Three
3 .

What was name of the park ?
Kensington Garden
Kensington Gardens

What was Lock out time ?
Lock out time is when the park gate is closed to the public
when the park gates were closed to the public

What happen when the park gate is closed ?
Fairies and other magical creature moved around the park
Inhabitants can move about more freely .

What must the fairies and magical creature do during the daylight when the gate is not closed ?
They must hide from ordinary people
Must hide from ordinary people .

Where was Kensington garden located ?
London
London

Why did the ordinary people never saw the fairies and the magical creatures ?
Because fairies and the magical creature did not come out when ordinary people are there .
They had from ordinary people during the day .

Where was the ship in Pentagonia returned to ?
England
England

Where does all prambulators lead to ?
Kensington garden
Kensington Gardens

Who are the inhabitants of Kensington garden ?
Faires and magical creatures
faeries and magical creatures

What time was lock out time at the Park ?
The end of the day
End of the day .

