What interest does Rob s father encourage him in pursuing ?
electrical experiments
electricity

After a bright flash , what appears to Rob ?
Demon of Electricity
A demon .

What does Rob accidentally touch ?
the Master Key of Electricity
The Master Key of Electricity

What is Rob entitled to from the demon ?
three gifts each week for three weeks
Thee gifts for three weeks .

What is the first of the three gifts from the first week ?
food tablets
a silver box of food tablets

What is the second of the three gifts from the first week ?
a small tube of electric current he can use against a foe to render the person unconscious for one hour
A small tube which can direct an electric current

What is the third of the three gifts from the first week ?
small transportation device that allows him to flly
A wristwatch sized transportation device

What are the three gifts given during the second week ?
garment of protection , a record of events , spectacles that are a character marker
Garment of protection , record of events , character marker

Why does Rob reject the gifts for the third week ?
He feels neither he nor the world is ready for these gifts .
He does n't think he or the world is ready for them .

How does Rob feel about his decision ?
He has a light heart ; he feels he made the right decision
He believes that he made the right decision

What is the first gift the demon gives Rob ?
Food tablets that are sustenance for an entire day .
A silver box containing food tablets

What was Rob trying to do when the demon appeared ?
Light up a cardboard house .
Trying to get a cardboard house to light up

Why does the demon choose the gifts ?
Rob does n't know what to ask for .
Because Rob is unable to think of what to whish for .

What can the Record of Events show ?
Anything happening anywhere in the last day .
Important things happening in any part of the world within the last twenty-four hours .

When Rob wears the spectacles , where do people have markings ?
On their foreheads .
The forehead

How long does Rob use the demon s gifts ?
Two weeks .
2 weeks

Why does Rob decide not to keep the gifts ?
Humankind is n't ready for them yet .
He does not think the world is ready for them .

What is Rob s hobby ?
Experimenting with electricity .
Electricity

How many total gifts does the demon offer to Rob ?
Nine .
6

What does Rob experiment with ?
Electricity .
electricity

What appears when Rob misconnects the wires ?
A demon .
A bright flash , and a demon .

What does the demon do ?
Grants Rob wishes .
Give gifts to Rob

How many wishes does Rob get ?
Three for three weeks .
Three gifts each week for three weeks .

What did Rob touch ?
The Master Key of Electricity .
The Master key of Electricity .

What is the first thing Rob asked for ?
A silver tablet of food .
He does not know what to ask for .

What kind of garment was Rob granted ?
A garment of protection .
protection

What gift marked character traits ?
The spectacles .
Glasses

What does Rob do with the demon s gifts ?
He declines them .
he rejects them

What does the demon do after being rejected ?
He leaves .
The Demon leaves

