What do the Indiana University students refer to the four friends as ?
Cutters .
Cutters

What does Dave win ?
A Masi bicycle .
The Little 500 bicycle race

What is Dave s father s profession ?
A used cars salesman .
stonecutter

What does Dave pretend to be in order to woo a college student , Katherine ?
An Italian exchange student .
An Italian exchange student

Who does Katherine s boyfriend mistakenly beat up ?
Cyril .
Ctril

What does the University president invite the cutters to ?
University Little 500 race .
He invites them to the annual Indiana University Little 500 race .

What happens to Dave s wheel which causes him to crash ?
The Italian cycling team jams a tire pump in his tire .
The Italians jam a tire pump into the wheel .

How does Katherine initially react when Dave tells her about his deception ?
She slaps him and storms off
She tearfully slaps him and storms off .

What happens to Dave after he builds a sizable lead in the 500 race ?
He crashes .
he is injured

In the wake of his crash , which character ( s ) take up his bike to continue the race ?
Mike , Moocher , and Cyril .
moocher , cyril and mike

Where do Dave and his friends spend a lot of their time swimming at together ?
At an old , abandoned water-filled quarry .
They swim in a abadoned water filled quarry .

What do the Indiana University students call themselves ?
They refer to themselves as cutters .
The Indiana University students call themselves Cutters .

What does Dave s father , Ray , do ?
Ray runs his own used car business .
Ray operates a used car dealership .

What is Dave s favorite interest , his obsession ?
Dave s favorite thing to do is competitive bicycle racing .
Dave is obsessed with competitive bicycle racing .

Why does Dave disguise himself as an Italian exchange student ?
Because Dave likes Katherine and he does it to win her over .
to romance Katherine

Why does Cyril get beat up by Rod ?
Rod finds out Dave has serenaded Katherine and he mistakes Cyril for Dave and beats up the wrong person .
Rod mistakes Cyril for Dave .

Who invited Dave into the Indiana University Little 500 race ?
The university president invited him .
His friends

Why did one of the players on the Italian s team jam up Dave s wheel with a tire pump ?
The Italians were intimated by Dave because he could keep up with them in the race .
Dave was the better player .

What is the name of Dave and his friends cycling team for the Little 500 ?
They call themselves cutters and have it on the back of their shirts .
cutters

How does the cutters team make it back in the lead during the Little 500 race ?
Dave has his teammates tape his feet to his bike pedals so he can regain the lead and make up for lost time .
Dave gets back on the bicycle .

Why are the four friends referred to as cutters ' ?
because of the many limestone stonecutters in their hometown
They are locals in Bloomington , Indiana

When did Moocher graduate from high school ?
the previous year
The same year that Dave did , a year before the story takes place .

What does Mike do for fun with his friends ?
swim in the abandoned quarry
swim

What confuses Ray about his son ?
Dave s love of Italian racers , culture , and music
his love of italian music and culture

When was Cyril beat up ?
after he was mistaken for Dave
outside the sorority house

Why did Katherine slap Evelyn s son ?
Dave admitted that he was n't an Italian exchange student
She slaps Dave because Dave pretends to be an Italian exchange student in order to romance her

Who invited the cutters ' to race in the Little 500 ?
the president of Indiana University
Dr. John W. Ryan

Who gave Mike and his friends t-shirts for their cycling team ?
Ray and Evelyn
Dave s parents

How was Dave able to continue the Little 500 race after being injured ?
his feet were taped to the bike pedals
Moocher , Cyril and Mike take turns pedaling for Dave .

When did Dave s interests switch from Italy to France ?
after he met a French student at the univerisity
Dave meets a French female student after enrolling in the university .

