What is Thomas Dunwitty proud of ?
He proudly proclaims that he is more black than Delacroix .
Being more black than Delacroix

Why does Dunwitty reject the work of Delacroix ?
It is rejected because the potential series portrays black people in positive and intelligent scenarios .
He feels that they are Cosby clones due to his racism .

Who is Sloane Hopkins ?
Sloane Hopkins is the assistant to Delacroix .
Delacroix s personal assistant

What does Manray wish to become famous for ?
His tap-dancing skills .
His tap dancing talent .

Who becomes increasingly angry at the content of the show ?
The militant rap group named Mau Maus .
Sloane Hopkins

How does Mau Maus plan to bring down the show ?
They plan on using violence .
With violence .

Who plans to sabotage the relationship between Manray and Hopkins ?
Delacroix .
Delacroix

How is Manray killed ?
He is assassinated while tap-dancing .
execution

Who confronts Delacroix at gunpoint ?
Hopkins .
Hopkins .

What is playing while Delacroix is dying ?
A montage of insensitive and demeaning black clips .
Hopkins ' tape .

How does Dunwittie react to series that depict black people in a positive light ?
He rejects them .
said they are cosby remakes

Why did Delacroix create a Minstrel show ?
to get fired
To escape his contract

In the beginning of the story , how does Manray feel about the Minstrel show ?
He sees it as his chance to get rich and famous .
He feels it s a big opportunity for him to become rich and famous .

Initially , how is the show received by the television viewing audience ?
Enthusiastically , it becomes very successful
it becomes hugely successful

How does Delacroix react to the show s reception ?
He embraces the show and defends it as satire .
First with horror and after he embraces the show .

How do the Mau Maus feel about the Minstrel show ?
They hate it and are angered by it .
They are angry about the show .

Which star quits the Minstrel show ?
Womack
womack

What relationship begins to grow as the tension about the show increases ?
The relationship between Manray and Hopkins .
Manray and Hopkins .

What happens to Manray at the end of the story ?
He gets kidnapped and killed .
On stage , he does his last Mantan sequence .

What happens to Delacroix at the end of the story ?
Hopkins shoots and kills him .
he died by gunshot

What is the name of Pierre Delacroix s television network ?
CNS
cns

Who proclaims that he is blacker than Pierre ?
Thomas Dunwitty
Thomas Dunwitty

Why does Delacroix develop the minstrel show ?
He is attempting to get out of his contract by being fired .
He hoped to get out of his contract by getting fired for the developing the show .

Who views the minstrel show as a way to get rich and famous ?
Manray
Manray

What does Hopkins demand Delacroix do at gunpoint ?
She wants him to play her tape .
Watch her tape .

What is Pierre Delacroix s real name ?
Peerless Dothan
Peerless Dothan .

How does Delacroix defend his show ?
He says it is satirical .
By labeling it satire .

Why does Manray refuse to wear blackface ?
He realizes he s being exploited .
He realizes he s being exploited .

Why does Womack quit the show ?
He becomes fed up with Manray s growing ego and the show .
He s fed up with the show and Manray s big ego .

What is Manray doing when he is assassinated ?
He is performing his famous tap dance .
Tap dancing

