What happens on January 1st of 188x ?
A comet Gallia hits Earth in the area next to Gibraltar and carries away a piece of Earth
gallia comet touches the earth

What do people believe the event to be ?
They think it s an earthquake
earthquake

Which changes begin to occur after Gallia collided with Earth ?
Weight loss , shortening of alteration of day and night , water began to boil at 66 degrees C
A loss of weight and water boiling at lower temperatures

How many people from the Earth end up picked up by Gallia ?
36
36

What was Gallia s circumference ?
2320 km
It is 2320 kilometers

How did Rosette calculated the mass of Gallia ?
He used a bag of 5-franc silver coins
Scales and coins .

Which Earth nationalities were represented on Gallia ?
English , French , Spanish , and Russian
French , English , Spanish , Russian .

How did the Earth inhabitants survive on Gallia ?
They ate whatever animals were left
They ate the animals .

How did the castaways return to Earth ?
They calculated the time of another collision between Earth and comet and left the comet in a balloon they made from the sails of their ship
They made a hot air balloon and used it to leave the comet when it entered earth s atmosphere .

Where on Earth did the castaways return ?
Mostaganem , near Algeria
algeria

What planet did the comet Gallia touch ?
The Earth
Earth .

Weight loss made Ben Zoof jump how high ?
Twelve meters
12 meters

What caused water to boil at 66 degrees Celsius ?
The thinning of the atmosphere and the pressure drop .
thinner atmosphere

Where was the astronomer found ?
At the island of Formentera
France

What was Gallia s circumference ?
2320 kilometers
2320 km

Who had rigged the spring scales ?
Isaac Hakkabut
Isaac Hakkabut , the owner of the instrument

What was missing that caused the loss of hope for long-term colonization ?
Arable land
arable land

What was considered an unclaimed territory ?
Ceuta
Ceuta

How did the Englishmen at Ceuta maintain connection to their Gibraltar base ?
Through an optical telegraph .
An optical telegraph .

When will Gallia again collide with the Earth per Rossete ?
January 1st , two years after the initial collision .
January 1 , two years after the first collision

Why could n't the travelers colonize Gallia ?
There was no land for crops
because it lacked arable lands

What did the travelers primarily eat on Gallia ?
Animals
Animals .

On what day did Gallia collect the travelers ?
January 1st
January 1 , 188x

On what day did the travelers return to Earth ?
January 1st
January 1st .

What vehicle did the travelers use to return to Earth ?
A balloon
They use a hot air balloon

What did the travelers believe happened before they realized they were no longer on Earth ?
An earthquake
There was an earthquake .

Why did the sea on the comet not freeze at first ?
Stationary water resists freezing
because the water resists freezing when rippled by the wind

Why did the sea on the comet finally freeze over ?
A stone was tossed into it
A stone was thrown in it .

Why did no one believe Palmyrin Rosette s predictions ?
They could n't see through the fog .
because other astronomers found nothing due to the thick fog

How long were the travelers on Gallia ?
Two years
Two years .

