In what year does the story start ?
It starts in 1799 .
1799 .

What role does Johnny Depp play in the story ?
Johnny Depp plays the role of Ichabod Crane .
A New York City police constable .

Why is Ichabod Crane sent to Sleelpy Hollow ?
He is facing impriisonment for going against raditional methods .
To find an undead headless killer .

What is Ichabod Crane told about the killer who had murdered people in Sleep Hollow ?
The killer is a Headless horseman who is in search of his head .
That is an undead headless Hessian mercenary .

What convinces Ichabod Crane of the supernatural elements of the story ?
He encounters the Headless Horseman .
He actually encounters the Headless Horseman .

What links the Sleepy Hollow deaths together ?
Van Garrets s new will links them .
Those that new about the new will .

How does the Headless horseman kill Baltus ?
He hurls a spear through a church window .
He harpoons Baltus

Who summoned the Headless Horseman to wreak havok in Sleepy Hollow ?
Lady Van Tassel summoned him .
Lady Van Tassel

Who is supposed to be the Horseman s next victim ?
Katrina is supposed to be the next victim .
Katrina .

How does Ichabod Crane thwart Lady van Tassel s plan ?
He throws the skull to the headless horseman thus breaking the spell .
He throws the Horseman s skull to him

How is the Hessian mercenary s grave marked ?
by the Tree of the Dead
By the Tree of the Dead .

Which war did the Headless Horseman fight in , according to the story ?
American Revolution
American Revolutionary War

When did the city police constable believe that something supernatural was happening in Sleepy Hallow ?
when he encountered the Headless Horseman
When he encounters the mercenary .

Which part of the Hessian s skeleton is being used to control his headless body ?
his skull
The skull .

When was Brom killed ?
while he was trying to save Katrina s family from the Horseman
As he was trying to stop the Horseman

Why is Crane s evidence burned before the council meeting at the church ?
Katrina wants to protect her father , to whom the evidence pointed
Katrina burned the evidence because she knew that Crane was suspecting her father of controlling the Headless Horseman .

Where are people in the hamlet safe from the Horseman ?
in church , because he can not enter it
In a church .

Who did Crane initially suspect of controlling the Horseman ?
Baltus Van Tassel
Katrina s father , Baltus Van Tassel .

Why is Crane transferred to Sleepy Hollow , NY ?
Crane was transferred because of his unorthodox methods .
He was facing imprisonment for unconventional methods .

Who was the Headless Horseman ?
A Hessian mercenary from the American Revolution
a headless Hessian mercenary from the American Revolutionary War .

Why does Crane start believing that the Headless Horseman is real ?
He encounters the Horseman when the Horseman kills the town magistrate .
He encounters the Headless Horseman

From whom do Crane and Masbath seek help from to find the Horseman s grave ?
A reclusive sorcerss
A reclusive sorceress .

What does Crane find at the Tree of the Dead ?
He finds that the Horseman s grave has been dug up and his skull removed .
That the ground has been freshly disturbed and the Horseman s skull is missing

Whose will does Crane believe is at the center of the Horseman s murders ?
Van Garrett
Peter Van Garrett .

What happens to the evidence that Crane accumulated about the Horseman murders ?
Katrina burns it
The evidence is burned

What place in town can the Horseman not enter ?
The church
Church

How do Crane and Katrina finally escape the Horseman ?
Crane throws the Horseman s skull to him .
Crane throws the skull to the headless horseman breaking the spell .

Why is Lady Van Tassel controlling the Horseman ?
She seeks revenge against the Van Garretts .
To become the sole heir to the family fortune .

