In what town does the story begin ?
Raymond
Raymond

Who is the main character ?
Henry Maxwell
dr.bruce

What happens to Jack Manning after he addresses the congregation ?
He collapses
dies

What challenge does Rev . Maxwell present to his congregation ?
Do not do anything for a full year without asking What would Jesus do
For a year , they should ask themselves What would Jesus do before doing anything .

What does Norman decide to discontinue at the newspaper ?
the Sunday edition
the Sunday Edition

Why does Rachel reject Rollin when he first proposes to her ?
She thinks he has no direction to his life
because he has no direction

What was the area of town surrounded by saloons called ?
the Rectangle
the Rectangle

Dr. Bruce visits Raymond and decides to try something similar with his congregation . Where is he from ?
Chicago
Chicago

Who appears in Rev . Maxwell s vision , first to a crowd in Raymond , then New York , then Washington DC ?
Jesus
Jack Manning

What was an example of Jesus ' supernatural powers ?
He does n't show up in photos .
not showing up in pictures

What is Ed Norman s job ?
He is the senior editor of the local newspaper .
senior editor of the Raymond Daily Newspaper

Why does Alexander Powers resign ?
He learns about the railroad s fraud against the ICC .
drop in prescriptions

Where is Dr. Calvin Bruce from ?
Chicago .
chicago

Who helps the Grays with their meetings in the Rectangle ?
Virginia and Rachel .
Rachel and Virgina

Where do Dr. Bruce and the Bishop start their work ?
In the Settlement .
in the settlement

After leaving Raymond , where does Jesus go ?
New York City and Washington , D. C .
New York City

How did Felicia and Rose s father die ?
He committed suicide .
suicide

Who gets converted in the Rectangle ?
Rollin Page .
Rollin

Who appeared in Henry Maxwell s vision ?
Jesus .
Jesus .

What question does Rev . Maxwell challenge his congregation to ask themselves before doing anything ?
What would Jesus do ?
What would Jesus do ?

What is Jack Manning s occupation ?
He is jobless .
unemployed

What does Alexander Powers do when he discovers the railroad s fraud ?
He gives up his job .
Quits his job and leaves for a new one

What happens to newspaper sales when Ed Norman decides to stop the Sunday edition in response to the challenge ?
Sales drop .
a drop in subscriptions

Why does the robber reform after holding up Bishop Edward ?
The robber realizes that the Bishop has helped him before .
He realized BIshop Edward had helped him .

Rev . Henry Maxwell is the pastor of what church ?
First Church of Raymond .
The First Church of Raymond .

What happens to Jack Manning after he confronts the First Church of Raymond s congregation about their lack of compassion ?
He dies a couple days later .
He collapses and dies a few days later .

How does Jesus minister to people ?
Through kindness , care and encouragement , not obvious miracles .
He talks to them in small groups then attracts media attention to spread his word .

Who does Rollin Page love ?
Rachel Winslow .
Rachel Winslow

Who is the drunk lady whom Virgina takes care of ?
Laureen .
Laureen

