Why is there an Apalacian Meeting in New York ?
Who will be selected to oversee the Mob following Albert Anastasia s death .
To decide who will control the mob

What happens to Dominic ?
He is killed in a drive-by shooting .
He is killed in a drive-by

What happens when Ben Sobel and his son are driving together ?
He rear-ends Vitti s car as he fights with his son .
Sobel rear ends a car that belongs to Vitti .

Why does Vitti see Ben Sobel ?
Vitti is having panic attacks and says he wants to see a psychiatrist and Jelly recommends Sobel .
Panic attack

Why does Vitti go to Miami ?
Ben Sobel is getting married and travels to Miami , and Vitti and crew follow .
Sobel is going there to get married , and Vitti follows because he thinks he needs to see the psychiatrist .

What happens when Sobel returns to New York ?
He discovers a fountain in his garden , a thank you from Vitti .
Find foundation in garden and gift from Vitti

Why does Sobel choose to inform on Vitti ?
He hears a tape in which Vitti threatens to kill Sobel .
The FBI plays him an altered tape that makes it sound like Vitti is going to kill Sobel .

What happens when Vitti finds out Sobel was spying on him ?
He takes Sobel to a secluded location to kill him .
He takes Sobel somewhere to kill him

What happens the day of the meeting ?
Vitti has a meltdown , and Jelly convinces Sobel to be Vitti s consigliere .
raided by FBI

How does Sobel get shot ?
He accidentally takes a bullet intended for Vitti .
By accidently taking a bullet for Vitti

What is Paul Vitti s occupation ?
Mob Boss
Mob boss

What are Vito , Carlo , and Joe disputing over ?
Who will ascend to mob supremacy
who will rule the mob

Who disrupts the mob meeting in New York ?
The FBI
FBI

How does Sobel discover a bound and gagged man ?
Rear-ending the trunk of a car
He rear-ended a car owned by Vitti and the trunk popped open , revealing the man .

Why did Vitti need to see a psychiatrist ?
He suffered a panic attack ?
he has become impotent

How is the wedding interrupted ?
An assassin is killed by Vitti s thugs
An assassin is killed .

What gift does Vitti leave Sobel and his family ?
A fountain in their garden .
A fountain

Who arrives to kill Vitti while he was with Sobel ?
Two hitmen
Two hitmen

What does Vitti order Primo to Do ?
Stand down and announce there is a traitor in his family
To stand down and not kill Sobel

Who visits Vitti in prison ?
Sobel
Sobel

What happens at the Apalachin meeting ?
The FBI swarms the meeting of mob bosses , and the mob does n't hold another meeting until present day .
the meeting is raided by the FBI

Who is killed in a drive-by shooting after warning Vitti to look out for Primo Sandone ?
Dominic is killed in a drive-by shooting .
Dominic

What problems is Ben Sobel dealing with at the beginning of the story ?
His son is listening to his sessions , his job is not challenging enouh , and he has a wedding upcoming .
His patients are not challenging enough , his son listens to his sessions , and his wedding is coming up soon

Why does Sobel give Jelly his business card ?
Sobel rear ended him in traffic , and was giving him the card in case he wanted to be compensated for damages in the crash .
in case he changes his mind about compensation

Why does Vitti request a psychiatrist to work with him ?
He suffers a panic attack while working on mob business .
suffers panic attack

What advice does Sobel give Vitti about Primo Sandone ?
He encourages Vitti to tell Sandone how he is feeling .
to call him and resolve his feelings

What happens when Vitti calls Primo Sandone ?
He tells him how he feels and then threatens to kill him .
He tells Primo how he feels , but then ends up threatening to kill him

How does the FBI get Sobel to cooperate to wearing a wire ?
They play a doctored tape in which Vitti threatens his life .
they play an altered tape for him that makes it sound as though Vitti is planning to kill Sobel

What happens when Vitti drives Sobel to a secluded place to kill him ?
Two assassins attempt to kill Vitti but are instead killed by Jelly while Vitti has an emotional breakdown .
They get into an argument

Who is injured in the gunfight between Sandone and Vitti s men ?
Sobel is injured when he accidentally takes a bullet intended for Vitti .
vitti s men

