Why is Dr. Logan referred to as Frankenstein ?
Because of the way he dissects the zombies .
Because of his zombie disections .

When the zombies overtake the world , where do the members of the US Military and the US Goverment gather and live ?
On military bases .
fortified military bases and colonies

What are the scientists at the Everglades military base trying to solve ?
How to stop or reverse the re-animation process .
how to stop the dead from coming back alive

What is Dr. Logan trying to prove with his zombie test subjects that are kept underground in a corral ?
He believes that zombies can be trained to be docile .
that they can be trained to become docile

When Miguel attempts to kill the zombie who killed Miller and Johnson , what happens ?
The zombie bites his arm .
He is bitten on the arm .

How does Sarah try to save Miguel when the zombie who killed Miller and Johnson bites his arm ?
She amputates his arm and cautorizes it to stop the spread of infection .
She amputates and cauterizes his arm .

What does Rhodes find Dr. Logan doing to reward his zombie test subject , Bub , for being docile ?
He is feeding the dead soldiers , Miller and Johnson to the zombie .
Feeding him the flesh of dead soldiers .

What does Rhodes do when he finds Dr. Logan feeding the flesh of the dead soldiers to Bub ?
Kills both Dr. Logan and his assistant , Dr. Fisher .
he kills him and his assistant , Dr. Fisher

What did Bub do when he escaped his chains and found Dr. Logan s body ?
He expresses both sorrow and rage .
Displayed sadness and anger .

Where do John , Sarah and McDermott end up ?
On a deserted island with no zombies or dead .
Inside the zombie corral

Where did the US government and military hide out ?
Military bases and colonies .
in an underground bse .

Why did the US government and military hide ?
To find solution to zombies pandemic .
zombie outbreak

Who flew to Fort Myers , Florida ?
Sarah , Private Miguel Salazer , William Bill Mc Dermott and John .
Sarah , private Miquel Salazar , William and John

What was the lead scientist name ?
Dr. Logan .
Dr. Logan

What does Dr. Logan believed about Zombies ?
Zombies can be trained to become docile .
Zombies can become docile .

What two soldiers were killed after the zombies escape ?
Miller and Johnson .
Miller and Johnson

Why was Logan feeding the flesh of a dead solider to Bub ?
Logan was rewarding Bub for docility and positive behavior .
As a reward for docility and good behavior

What did Bub escape from ?
The chain .
chains

Who did John reunited with ?
Sarah and McDermott .
Sarah and McDermott

Where did John , Sarah and McDermott escape ?
Deserted Island .
Zombie corral

What are the scientists at the army base attempting to do ?
Find a way to stop the dead from becoming zombies .
trying to find a solution to the zombie pandemic

What is Dr. Logan s nickname ?
Frankenstein .
Frankenstein

Why is Dr. Logan proud of Bub ?
He s a zombie that has higher functions .
He retains some aspects of humanity .

When Miguel is bitten by a zombie , what medical treatment does Sarah provide ?
She amputates his arm .
amputation and cauterization

What command does Captain Rhodes give the scientists after Miguel is bitten by a zombie ?
That all the experiments stop and the captured zombies be destroyed .
an order

What does Dr. Logan give Bub as a reward for good behavior ?
Flesh from dead soldiers .
dead soldiers ' flesh

How does Bub react to Dr. Logan s death ?
He is sad , then angry .
Sad and enraged

How Bub kill Captain Rhodes ?
He shoots him and allows other zombies to eat him .
He is torn apart by zombies after being shot by Bub

Who rescues Sarah and Bill from the zombie corral ?
John .
John .

How does Miguel commit suicide ?
He releases the zombies from the corral and allows them to eat him .
he opens the gate to the compound allowing the zombies to devour him on the elevator

What is unique about the zombie , Bub ?
Bub exhibits human behavior
He remembers some parts of his past life and can act somewhat civilly .

Why does Rhodes kill Logan ?
Logan has been feeding the flesh of dead soldiers to Bub .
He was feeding bub dead soldiers

Who escapes at the end of the story ?
John , Sarah , and McDermott
John , Sarah , and Bill McDermott

At first , what causes the tension between the scientists and soldiers ?
Lack of supplies , loss of communication with other survivors , and lack of progress in research
Dr Logan is keeping zombie test subjects inside the compound in an underground corral .

Who is Dr. Logan ?
The lead scientist of the research team
a scientist who believes the zombies can be trained

What does Rhodes think of Bub and Dr. Logan s progress ?
He is not impressed
Rhodes is unimpressed .

How does Bub react to Dr. Logan s death ?
Sadness and Rage
seeks vengeance

Where does the helicopter escape to at the end of the story ?
A deserted island
deserted island

Where is the government base located ?
The Everglades
in the Everglades

What is the goal of Dr. Logan s research ?
To train zombies to be docile
He wants to train zombies to become docile

