How many years is the difference between the ages of Charlotte and Albert ?
Eleven years
11 YEARS

How long does it take Werther to die from his wounds ?
twelve hours
Twelve hours

From where did the passage recited by Werther during his final visit with Charlotte come ?
Ossian
Ossian

While visiting a friend in Weiner , who were the attendees of the weekly gathering where Werther was rejected ?
aristocrats
Nobles

From who does Werther get the pistols used in his suicide ?
Albert , by Charlotte
Charlotte

Where was Werther s final resting place ?
Under the the linden tree
Under a linden tree

Why does Werther leave Wahlheim for Weimer ?
heartache over not being able to be with Charlotte
to avoid Charlotte and Albert

What major change has occurred in Albert and Charlottle s relationship while Werther was away ?
They have become married .
they marry

What is the significance of tree under which Werther was buried ?
It was the linden tree mentioned in his letters .
He mentioned it frequently in his letters

What did Werther presume to be the best solution for his love triangle ?
Death of one of the three parties .
Someone had to die .

Who writes most of the letters in the story ?
Werther
Werther

Why does Werther write letters ?
Werther is recalling his experiences to his friend Wilheim through letters
To tell his Wilhelm what is going on in his life .

Where is Werther visiting ?
The village of Wahlheim
Weimar

Why does being close to Charlotte pain Werther ?
Werther is in love with Charlotte and she is engaged to someone else
unrequited love

What causes Werther embarrassment ?
Forgetting to visit a friend and being reminded of it in front of the entire aristocratic set
Being asked to leave his friend s gathering , because he is not an aristocrat

What causes Werther to suffer more upon returning to Wahlheim ?
Seeing Charlotte married to Albert
Charlotte and Albert are married

Why does Werther decide to kill himself ?
He realizes the only way to end the love triangle is one of them dying .
he ca n't kill Charlotte or Albert

Where is Werther buried ?
Under a linden tree
under a linden tree

Who attends Werther s funeral ?
Nobody .
No one of importance .

What does Charlotte send to Werther ?
Two pistols
Two guns

Who is Young Werther s friend that he writes to in the story ?
His friend is Wilhelm .
Wilhelm

In what village did Werther stay during the story ?
He stayed in the fictional village of Wahlheim .
Wahlheim

Who does Charlotte care for in the story ?
Charlotte cares for her younger siblings .
her siblings

Who was Charlotte engaged to when Werther fell in love with her ?
She was engaged to Albert .
Albert

Where did Werther go when he left Wahlheim ?
He went to Weimar .
Weimar

What event did Werther forget about when he visited his friend ?
He forgot about the weekly gathering of the aristocratic set .
a regular gathering of nobility

What does Werther lean when he returns to Wihlheim ?
Werther learns that Charlotte and Albert are married .
Charlotte and Albert have married

What does Werther read to Charlotte when he visits her for the last time ?
He read her a passag of Ossian .
A passage from Ossian .

What is Werther s excuse for asking for Albert s pistols ?
Werther claims he is going on a journey .
He is going to travel .

After Werter shot himself in the head , how long did it take for him to die ?
It took Werther 12 hours to die .
Twelve hours

