Who are the main characters ?
The main characters are Ernest Tilley and Bill BB Babowsky .
Earnest Tilley and BB Babowsky

What is the setting ?
Baltimore , Maryland .
The setting is Baltimore , Maryland in 1963 .

What profession do the two men hold ?
They are door-to-door aluminum siding salesmen .
door to door sales

How do they first meet ?
They are involved in a car accident .
BB and Earnest meets during a car accident between them .

Who is at fault in the accident ?
BB , he pulls out of a Cadillac dealership without looking .
BB is at fault for the accident .

How does BB take his anger out on Ernest ?
BB seduces Ernest s wife .
Has sex with his wife

What is Ernest s wife s name ?
Nora .
Nora

What is the competition they use to determine who gets Nora ?
A game of pool .
BB and Earnest decied to play a game of pool . Winner gets Nora .

How do they lose their jobs ?
The Maryland Home Improvement Commission revokes their licenses .
they lose their licenses

Where does BB sell aluminum siding ?
Baltimore , Maryland
BB sells aluminum siding in Baltimore Maryland .

How did BB and Tilley meet ?
BB almost crashes his car into Tilley s car
They are nearly involved in a car crash .

What type of car did both the salesmen buy ?
Cadillac
Cadillac .

Who does BB try to seduce ?
Nora , Tilley s wife
He tries to seduce Tilley s wife Nora .

How did Tilley and BB lose their jobs as salesmen ?
their licenses were revoked
A new company comes in and takes away their licenses .

How did BB and Tilley decide to choose who got Nora ?
by playing a game of pool
with a game of pool

Which agency was formed to investigate corruption in the home-improvement industry ?
Maryland Home Improvement Commission
The Maryland Home Improvement Commission .

What did BB do after he slept with Tilley s wife ?
he called Tilley
He calls Tilley .

What did BB and Tilley do to each other s cars ?
smash glass
break the glass

What do the tin men sell ?
Aluminum siding
siding

What are the names of the tin men in the story ?
Ernest and BB
Ernest Tilley , and Bill BB Babowsky

How do Earnest and BB first meet ?
BB crashed his car into Earnest s car .
They nearly collide in Cadllacs .

Whose fault is the accident that BB and Earnest got into ?
BB s
BB s

What do BB and Earnest do to each other s cars to get revenge after the accident ?
Smash the glass out
break all the glass

What does BB try to do after Earnest smashes the glass out on his car ?
Seduce Earnest s wife Nora .
BB sets out to seek revenge on Earnest .

What is Earnest s first reaction to BB seducing his wife ?
He tells BB to keep Nora .
He tells BB to keep his wife .

What do the men ultimately decide to do to see who gets to keep Nora ?
Play a game of pool
They play a game of pool .

Who was responsible for making sure BB and Earnest lost their liscenses ?
Maryland Home Improvement Commission
Maryland Home Improvement Commission

What happens after Earnest and BB lose their liscenses ?
They share ideas for new businesses
they talk about ideas for another business

