Who puts Eleanor out of her home after her mother dies ?
Elenor s sister Jane and Jane s boyfriend put her out .
Her sister and her sister s boyfriend .

What kind of study does Eleanor apply for ?
The study is on insomnia .
Sleep study

What is Dr . Marrow s true purpose in arranging the study ?
He is studying the psychological response to fear .
steady the psych response to fear

What was Crain s hope when he built his house ?
He wanted to fill it with children with his wife .
To have a house full of his children .

How was Marrow s assistant s face slashed ?
It was slashed through a freak accident involving a clavichord wire .
A clavichord wire that snapped .

Who does Nell think is haunting the house ?
She thinks it is the ghosts of children .
Ghostly children

What does Nell learn about the children who died in the house ?
She learns that they were kidnapped by Crain and slaughtered in the house .
They were her ancestors .

What force seals up the house ?
Hugh Crain s ghost seals the house .
Hugh Crain s ghost .

How is Luke killed ?
Crain s spirit drags him to the fireplace where he is decpitated .
Decapitated by the ghost of Crain

Where do the spirits take Crain ?
They drag him to hell .
Hell

What is the Dr . Marrow s purpose behind HIll House ?
He wants to study subject s reactions to fear .
Study the psychological response of fear

Why does Nell think the assistant s face being slashed was n't an accident ?
She notices the wire was unwound .
She see that the wire had been unwound

Who is trapping the ghost children in Hill House ?
Hugh Crain s ghost .
crain

Why does Nell refuse to leave Hill House ?
She refuses to let the ghost children suffer for eternity .
She wants to help the ghost children go to the afterlife .

What happens to Crain at the end of the story ?
He is dragged down to Hell by the other spirits .
dragged to hell

What happens to Nell after she is pulled into the door with Crain ?
She goes to Heaven with the ghost children .
She is killed and her ghost goes up to Heaven .

Who is able to leave Hill House alive at the end of the story ?
Theo and Dr . Marrow .
Dr . Marrow and Theo

Who comes to pick up the survivors of Hill House at the end of the story ?
The Dudleys .
Dudleys

What happens to Luke ?
His head is cut off after being dragged to the fireplace by Crain,
Crain s ghost decapitates him .

Who is Nell descended from ?
Crain s second wife , Carolyn .
Cain s wife Carolyn

What was Dr . Marrow s real purpose for the study ?
To study the psychological response to fear
study the response to fear

What event caused Crain to become a recluse ?
His wife Renee committed suicide .
His wife Renee killed herself

How did the caretakers make sure that nobody escaped Hill House ?
They chained the gate .
Chain the gate

What phrase was written in blood on Hugh Crain s portrait ?
Welcome Home Eleanor
Welcome Home Eleanor .

Who terrorized and killed the ghostly children ?
Crain
Hugh Crain

Why did Nell tell Theo that she could n't leave the house with them ?
Nell wanted to help the children move on in the afterlife
She ca n't leave the ghosts of the children to suffer

After Nell s death , who else went to heaven with her ?
The ghosts of the children
The ghost children .

Where did the spirits drag Hugh Cain ?
To hell
Hell

What happened to Luke when he defaced the portrait of Hugh Cain ?
Crain s spirit dragged him to the fireplace and decapitated him
He gets decapitated

What answer did Dr.Marrow and Theo give to Mr. Dudley when he asked about the study ?
They did not give an answer
They do not answer

