What is Demetrio s status in society ?
Peasant
A peasant

What rebel group does Demetrio s group support ?
Mexican Revolution
Mexican Revolution

Who is Camila in love with ?
Cervantes
Luis Cervantes

What is Camila s status in society ?
peasant
peasant

How does the causes leader change ?
from day to night
Because those who joined him ended up behaving just like those they were rebelling again , he loses hope that things can ever change .

How certain are the rebels of who they are fighting for ?
not very
uncertain

How certain are the rebels of what they are fighting for ?
not very
not certain at all

What kind of accuracy does Macias fire his rifle with ?
deadly
deathly accuracy

Who is in love with Cervantes ?
Camila
Camila

What is a cacique ?
a leader or important person
a leader or important person

Why does Demetrio Macias flee into the mountains ?
The local cacique sends soldiers after him because they are enemies .
Because federal soldiers come looking for him .

Why does Luis Cervantes join the rebels ?
He was mistreated by the Federales , so he turns on them .
He was mistreated by the Federales .

What does Demetrio Macias start with his band of rebels ?
The Mexican Revolution .
He starts practicing the very abuses that he used to suffer .

Who is Camila really in love with ?
Luis Cervantes .
Cervantes

Why does Camila become lovers with Demetrio ?
Luis Cervantes cheats her into it .
She gets cheated into it .

Why is the story called the ones below ?
The Mexican people are mistreated no matter who rules over them .
Because that is the position of the Mexican people

What happens to Demetrio Macias in the end ?
He goes back to his family and fights it out with the Federales .
he is all alone , firing his rifle into an unbeatable army of enemies

Why are n't the rebels better leaders than the current government ?
They practice what was done to them , they do n't know any better .
Because they are abusive and practice injustice .

Which character uses the revolution as an excuse to do cruel things ?
Guero Margarito .
Guero Margariot

What is a cacique ?
A leader , or important person
A cacique is a leader or important person in this town .

Why does Demetrio have to abandon his family ?
The Federales are looking for him .
Because the Federales come looking for him .

What does Demetrio do after escaping to the mountains ?
He forms a group of rebels .
He forms a group of rebels .

What do Demetrio and the rebels support ?
Mexican Revolution
Mexican Revolution

Who is Camila in love with ?
Cervantes
Luis Cervantes

Who are the ones below ' ?
The Mexican People
Mexican people

Why has Luis Cervantes joined the rebels ?
He was mistreated by the federals .
Because he has been mistreated by the federal soldiers .

What do the rebels struggle to find along their path ?
A cause
a cause

What are the last images we see of Macias ?
He is alone , firing his gun , extremely outnumbered .
Alone firing his rifle at his enemies .

