Why does Queen Bvmorda imprison all of the pregnant women in her realm ?
To stop a prophecy that foretells her destruction .
Because the birth of a baby with a special birthmark will herald her downfall .

How does the baby from the prophecy escape the Queen ?
The midwife escapes with her and sends her down the river .
A midwife takes the baby to safety .

What happens to the mother of the baby and the midwife that helps the baby escape ?
They are both killed .
They are killed .

Who finds the baby ?
Willow Ufgood .
Willow Ufgood

What does Willow do with the baby ?
Willow and his family raise the baby in their village .
Willow falls in love with the baby and takes care of her .

Why does Willow take the baby away from the village ?
The High Aldwin decrees that the baby should be taken back to the human people .
to return her to the humans

Who is Sorsha ?
Queen Bvmorda s daughter .
Queen Bavmorda s daughter

Who does Sorsha fall in love with ?
Madmartigan .
Madmartigan .

When does Sorsha decide to join the forces fighting against her mother ?
During Kael s attack on the castle she was being held in .
When she realizes she loves Madmartigan

Who stay in Tir Asleen to raise Elora ?
Sorsha and Madmartigan .
Sorsha and Madmartigan

What is Willow rewarded with after Bavmorda s soul is banished ?
A magic book to aid him in becoming a sorcerer .
A magic book .

Why did Queen Bavmorda fear the prophecy ?
It destined that she would be destroyed by a certain female child .
it was foretold that the birth of the baby will be her downfall

What is the baby s name ?
Elora Danan
Elora Danan .

Who reveals the baby s name ?
Cherlindrea , the Fairy Queen .
the fairy queen Cherindrea

What animal is Raziel transformed into ?
A possum
a possum

How does the baby escape execution ?
The Midwife puts her on a makeshift raft .
Sent down a river in a basket .

Who is the first to care for the baby after he is found with the raft ?
Willow Ufgood
Willow Ufgood .

What happened to the original inhabitants of Tir Asleen ?
Frozen and overrun by trolls .
They were frozen .

How does Willow turn the tide of Kael s assault on the castle ?
Turning a troll into a two headed fire breathing beast .
He accidently turns a troll into a fire breathing , two headed monster .

Why does Sorsha decide to help Willow defeat the castle assault ?
Sorsha loves Madmartigan .
She realizes she loves Madmartigan .

What prophecy will eventually lead to the downfall of the Queen Bavmorda ?
A girl born with a special birthmark will lead to the queen s downfall .
A girl with a special birthmark will cause the downfall of Queen Bavmorda .

How does the queen prevent the prophecy from being fulfilled ?
All pregnant women are imprisoned in her realm .
by imprisoning all pregnant women .

What happens with Nelwyn village is attacked by a Nockmaar hound ?
The Nockmaar hound is killed swiftly by the village warriors .
The village warriors kill it .

How does Cherlindrea describe and identify the baby ?
The baby is Elora Danan , who will be Tir Asleen s future princess and will defeat Queen Bavmorda .
Cherlindrea identifies the baby as the future princess Elora Danan .

What do they find when reaching Raziel s lake ?
Raziel has been turned into a possum by Queen Bavmorda .
He had been transformed to a possum

What happens when Willow attempts to cure Raziel ?
Willow turns Raziel from a possum into a rock .
Willow turns Raziel into a rook .

What do they discover upon arrival to Tir Asleen ?
Everyone in Tir Asleen has been frozen by Bavmorda and there are trolls in the castle .
All its inhabitants have been frozen .

What happens after the battle at Tir Asleen castle ?
Elora is captured by Kael and brought back to Nockmaar .
Willow returns home a hero .

How is Bavmorda eventually defeated ?
She is tricked by Willow and ends up banishing her own soul to oblivion .
Bavmorda accidentally banishes her own soul to oblivion .

Who returns to Tir Asleen after the battle with Bavmorda ?
Sorsha , Madmartigan return to Tir Asleen with Elora to raise her together .
Sorsha and Madmartigan

