Who is Sarah s father ?
Andrew Undershaft
Andrew Undershaft

How many siblings does Barbara have ?
2
Two

How many children does the British earl s daughter have ?
3
3

How much did Undershaft donate ?
the same amount as the whisky distillery
millions of pounds

Why did the Major go to the munitions factory ?
She agreed to visit if her father visited the shelter
as a part of an agreement that her father visit her Salvation Army Shelter .

What reason was Stephen talking about financial assistence ?
looking for income sources for his sisters
as a source of income for her grown daughter

What fulfilled Cousin s fiance the most ?
bringing the message of salvation to the rich
bringing salvation to factory workers

Which people were uncomfortable with Andrew s business ?
Barbara and Cousins
owns a munitions factory

Who does Barbara marry ?
Cusins '
Adolphis Cusins

What rank was Barbara ?
Major
Major

Where did Barbara work ?
West Ham
Salvation Army

Why did Barbara leave the shelter ?
Barbra leaves because her supervising officer accepts money from armaments and alcohol industries
Because Mr Undershaft make a sizable donation

Who does Undershaft refuse to bequeath his company ?
His son Steven .
His son Stephen

How does Barbara treat the people that she deals with at the shelter ?
Patience , firmness , and sincerity .
patience , steadiness , sincerity

How does Undershaft think he can keep the company in the family ?
By finding a foundling and marry him to Barbara .
by having a foundling groomed to do the job and marry Barbara .

Who discusses the question of Barbara s commitment ?
Undershaft and Cusins '
Undershaft and Cusins

Who does Barbara work for ?
Salvation Army
the salvation army

What does Cusins ' study ?
Greek literature
Greek Literature

How did Mr. Undershaft become so wealthy ?
He owned a munitions factory
a munititions factory

What was Barbara s relationship to Cusins ?
She was engaged to him
Barbara is engaged to Cusins

What was Mr. Undershaft most impressed with when he visited Barbara ?
The way she dealt with the various people who were seeking services .
he is impressed by how well she treats people

According to family tradition , who should inherit the Undershaft family fortune ?
An orphan who can be trained to run the factory .
An orphan who is groomed to run factory

How did Mr. Undershaft buy the Salvation Army ?
He made a large donation .
By making a very large donation

What claim did Cusins offer that made him eligible to inherit the business ?
That he was a foundling .
he is a foundling

What was Barbara s rank in the Salvation Army ?
She was a major in the Salvation Army .
An officer

Who did Lady Britomart think should get the business ?
She thought her son Stephen should get it .
Stephen his son

In the end , what did Barbara think would give her the most fulfillment ?
Bringing the message of salvation to the workers .
bringing message to factory workers

What did Barbara want the Salvation Army to do with the donations ?
She wanted them to refuse both of the donations
refuse it

