What are the two campaigns in the Democratic primary trying to secure ?
The endorsement of Democratic senator Franklin Thompson .
Senator Thompson s endorsement .

What did Tom Duffy offer Stephen Meyers in their secret meeting ?
A position in Ted Pullman s campaign .
A job with the Pullman campain

Why did Morris reject trying to make an offer to Thompson to make him Secretary of State ?
He said he wanted a clean campaign and he disagrees with Thompson s policies anyway .
he wanted to run a clean campaign , no deals for endorsements

Who impregnated Molly Stearns ?
Mike Morris
Mike Morris

What did Ida Horowicz threaten to do if Meyers did not give her the secret meeting details ?
She will publish the Duffy meeting .
publish the Duffy meet

Who advised Meyers to just quit politics before he becomes a cynic ?
Tom Duffy
Duffy .

Where did Molly die from overdose ?
At a hotel room .
a hotel room

What did Meyers demand to Morris to make him as ?
Campaign Manager .
senior campaign manager

What was Zara s version of retirement from politics ?
Taking a job at a consulting firm which will give him $ 1 million a year .
job at a consulting firm

Morris finished with a speech talking about what ?
How integrity and dignity matter .
Integrity and dignity

What is the relationship between Mike Morris and Ted Pullman ?
They are competing for the Democratic presidential nomination .
They are competing for the Democratic presidential nomination .

Why did Tom Duffy want to meet with Stephan Meyers ?
To get him to leave the Morris campaign and come work for Pullman campaign .
To offer Meyers a position .

Why did Paul Zara lose trust in Stephan ?
Stephan did not tell him he was talking to Tom Duffy .
he was disloyal

Why do both candidates want the endorsement of Senator Thompson ?
The Senator controls 356 convention delegate votes , enough to secure a win .
He controls 356 delegates .

Why does Molly need $ 900 ?
She wants to have an abortion .
for an abortion

What were Stephan Meyer s demands to Mike Morris ?
Fire Paul Zara , make Stephan the campaign manager , and accept Senator Thompson as the VP candidate .
Fire Zara , make Thompson Vice President and place Meyers in charge of the campaign .

Why did Mike Morris agree to Stephan s demands ?
Stephan blackmailed him with Molly s suicide , claiming he had her suicide note .
Stephen has proof of his affair with Molly

What is Paul Zara going to do after he is fired from the Morris campaign ?
Retire from politics .
job at a consulting firm

Did Mike Morris win the Ohio primary ?
He lost .
No

How did Mike Morris become the Democratic presidential nominee if he lost the Ohio primary ?
Senator Thompson s endorsement delivered the extra delegate votes he needed .
Franklin Thompson

What does Molly need $ 900 for ?
An abortion
An abortion .

In the story , who won the Ohio Democratic Primary ?
Ted Pullman
Pullman .

Who leaked information to Ida Horowicz ?
Paul Zara
Zara

What job does Zara take at the end of the story ?
Consulting job
a job with a consulting firm

Who is the father of Molly s unborn child ?
Mike Morris
Mike Morris

Who office does Franklin Thompson hold ?
Senator of North Carolina
North Carolina Democratic Senator .

How does Molly die ?
Overdosed
An overdose .

Who asked Meyers to meet after the Miami University debate ?
Tom Duffy
Duffy .

Which candidate does Senator Thompson endorse ?
Governor Mike Morris
Mike Morris

What position does Tom Duffy say his candidate will offer Senator Thompson ?
Secretary of State
Secretary of State

