Who is the captain of the HMS Surprise ?
Captain Jack Aubrey
Jack Aubrey

What ship was Captain Jack Aubrey ordered to pursue ?
The Anheron
Acheron

How did the crew get the HMS Surprise into the fog bank ?
They used smaller boats to tow it .
towed it with small boat

Where does the HMS Surprise head after the second ambush by the Acheron ?
The Galapagos Islands
to battle

What is the ship s doctor interested in on the Galapagos Island ?
The flora and the fauna
Flora and fauna

Who accidentally shoots the doctor ?
Captain Howard
Howard

How does the doctor perform surgery on himself ?
By using a mirror
mirror

Where does the doctor find Acheron anchored at ?
On the other side of the Galapagos Islands
On the opposite side of the island .

What does Captain Aubrey disguise the Surprise as ?
A whaling ship .
a whaling ship

What was the name of Captain Aubrey s ship ?
Surprise
HMS Surprise

What does Captain Aubrey order the ship to do instead of returning home for repairs ?
Pursue the Acheron
Pursuit of Acheron .

What did Captain Howard try to shoot ?
An Albatross
albatross

When Captain Howard was shooting , he missed and hit something else - what did he hit ?
Doctor Maturin
Miturin

After Maturin was shot , where did the Surprise go ?
Back to the Galapagos Islands
to battle

Why was going back to the islands a hard choice to make ?
Because the Surprise was closing in on the other ship
by going back they will loose the Archeron

What was Maturin looking for on the island ?
A species of flightless bird
species

What did Maturin find instead of the bird on the island ?
The Acheron on the other side of the island
The Acheron

What did Aubrey do in order to sneak up on the Acheron ?
Disguise the Surprise as a whaling ship
He made his ship look like a whaling ship

Where did Aubrey get the idea of camouflaging the ship ?
The stick insect Maturin had
The Maturin .

When is Aubrey s warship damaged ?
after an ambush by the Acheron
1805

How did the Surprise s crew evade the French ship ?
by hiding in a fog bank
Using a decoy buoy and lamps

What did the Captain of Surprise use to trick the French ?
ship lamps and a decoy buoy
a decoy buoy and lamps

What happened to the whaling ship found in the Galapagos Islands ?
Acheron destroyed
it was attacked and destroyed by the Archeron

Why did the warship s doctor want to explore the Galapagos Islands ?
for the fauna and flora
To study the flora and fauna

Where did Aubrey get the idea to camouflage the Surprise ?
from watching how one of the insects Maturin found was able to disguise itself
from seeing a stick insect

How was the bullet removed from Maturin ?
Maturin operated on himself
He performs surgery on himself

Why did Aubrey decide to go after the Acheron one more time ?
he realized that the French doctor was really the Acheron s captain in disguise
It ca n't go anywhere

Where was the Acheron sailing to from the Galapagos Islands ?
Valparaiso
Valparaiso

