Who are Dorothy Gale s only living relatives ?
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry
her Aunt Em and her Uncle Henry

What destroyed Dorothy s farmhouse ?
A tornado
A tornado

If Dorothy s Uncle ca n't repay his debts to the creditors what will happen ?
They will seize his farm
His farm will be seized .

Who does Dorothy make an arrangement with to keep her family safe ?
Princess Ozma
Princess Ozma

What arrangement does Dorothy make to keep her family safe ?
Her family will go to Oz
she gets Princess Ozma to let her bring them to Oz to live

Who was the Magic Belt captured from ?
Nome King Roquat
Nome King Roquat

What type of animal is Billina ?
A Yellow Hen
A hen .

What is King Roquat plotting ?
To conquer the Land of Oz and to get his magic belt back
To take over Oz and get his belt back .

What does Glinda the Good Witch do to protect Oz from future invasions ?
She uses magic to make Oz invisible
Make Oz invisible and unreachable to outsiders

What is the name of the fountain that the king and his allies drank from ?
Fountain of Oblivion
Fountain of Oblivion

Who are Dorthy s only remaining living relatives ?
Dorthy s only living relatives are her Aunt Em and Uncle Henry .
Aunt Em & Uncle Henry

How does Uncle Henry try to get out of debt ?
Uncle Henry takes out a mortgage on his farm .
he mortgages his farm

What arrangement does Dorthy come to with Princess Ozma ?
The princess agrees to transport Uncle Henry and Aunt Em to the land of Oz .
She arranges to have her guardians come to OZ

Why is the Nome King , Roquat , plan on conquering Oz ?
The king wants to recover his magic belt .
To recover his magic belt .

Why do other species believe that the Whimsies are stupid ?
Other species believe the Whimsies are stupid because of their small heads .
they have small heads and big bodies

What three nations does the Nome General Guph visit ?
The general visits the Whimsies , the Growleywogs , and the Phanfasms:
Whimsies , Growleywogs , and Phanfasms

What nation decides to help the Nome army ?
The Growleywogs are the only nation to join with the Nome army .
Whimsies

Where does the climax of the story take place ?
The climax of the story takes place in Emerald City .
The Emerald City

What does Ozma wish for using the magical belt at the end of the story ?
Ozma wishes for the tunnel to be filled with dust .
the Nome King and his allies to return home

How does Glinda the Good Witch try to prevent a future invasion of Oz ?
Glinda the Good Witch uses a magic charm to make Oz invisible and unreachable to everyone except those already living in Oz .
She fills the Nomes ' tunnels with dust

How many nations does General Guph visit ?
Three
He visits three nations .

What artifact does the Nome King want to recover ?
His magical belt
His magic belt .

What makes the Nome King forget his plans to conquer Oz ?
The Fountain of Oblivion
The Fountain of Oblivion .

How does Glinda protect Oz from future attacks ?
She makes Oz invisible
uses a magic charm that makes Oz unreachable and invisible to anyone who is n't in the city

Why did Uncle Henry mortgage the farm ?
To pay off debt
house was destroyed in a tornatoe

Who are the four tribes of Oz ?
The munchkins , quadlings , gillikins , and winkies
Munchkins , Quadlings , Gillikins , and Winkies

What kind of animal does the zebra have a dispute with ?
A crab
Crab

Who pulls the carriage that takes Dorothy and her aunt and uncle around Oz ?
the wooden sawhorse
The Wooden Sawhorse

Who are Dorothy s only living relatives ?
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry

Who is Roquat ?
King of the Nomes
nome king

How does Ozma ensure that the Nome King and allies forget their plans ?
She causes dust to appear in the tunnel so they will drink from the Fountain of Oblivion
They drink from the Fountain of Oblivion

What do the Growleywogs plan to do after conquering Oz with the Nomes ?
Take over the Nomes
They plan to dominate them .

Why is Uncle Henry in debt ?
He took out a mortgage on his farm after the tornado destroyed the farmhouse .
The tornado destroyed his home

Where is the Nome kingdom located ?
Underground
underground

Why does Guph leave the Nome kindgom ?
To recruit allies for conquering Oz
The Phanfasms send him home .

Why do Whimsies wear large masks ?
To cover how small their heads are
Because they are objects of ridicule & have low self esteem

What creatures resemble men with carnivorous animal heads ?
Phanfasms
Phanfasms

How do the people of Oz learn of the Nome king s intentions to conquer them ?
Ozma s Magic Picture
They see it in the Magic Picture .

Why does Dorothy take her aunt and uncle out of the Emerald City ?
To have a tour of the land
to give her aunt and uncle a tour

Why did the Nome King have his General expelled and his Colonel killed ?
They would not agree to attack Oz
refuse to help his plot

At the beginning , which two people find Dorothy to be a dream ?
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry

What does Uncle Henry do in order to pay for the damage to the house from the tornado ?
Takes out a mortgage
Take a mortgage out on the farm

How does Princess Ozma transport Dorothy s guardians to Oz ?
By using the magic belt
Magic Belt

Who from the Nome Kingdom is plotting to take back the magic belt ?
Roquat
Nome King , Roquat

Why does Dorothy depart from the Emerald City in a carraige drawn by the Wooden Strawhorse ?
To give her aunt and uncle a tour of Oz
to give Aunt Em and Uncle Henry a tour

What do the Whimsies wear to hide their small heads ?
Masks
large masks

What happens after the Nome King and his allies drink from the Fountain of Oblivion ?
They forget their evil plans
They forget their plans to invade Oz

What does Glinda s charm do to Oz ?
It makes it invisible and unreachable by those outside the kingdom .
It leaves Oz invisible and unreachable by non-citizens .

Which veteran soldier sets out to recruit allies for the Nome Kingdom ?
Guph
Gulph

Who quarrels with a crab about a geographical location ?
The zebra
zebra

