Who does Louis Trevelyan marry ?
Emily Rowley
Emily

What profession is Emily s father ?
A Governer
The governor of the Mandarin Islands

What is Emily s sisters name ?
Nora
Nora

What upsets Louis about Emily ?
She frequently hangs out with Colonel Osborne
She receives vists from Colonel Osborne .

How do Louis and Hugh know eachother ?
They went to Oxford together
They went to Oxford together .

What does Hugh Stanbury do for a living ?
He writes articles for newspapers
Hugh Stanbury writes for newspaper

Whose marriage proposal does Nora turn down ?
Charles Glascock
Charles Glascock s

Who paid for Hugh s education ?
Jemima Stanbury
his Aunt , Jemima Stanbury

What does Emily ask Louis to do before he dies ?
Kiss her hand
kiss her hand to show that he believes her that she did not do anything wrong

Who does Charles Glascock marry ?
Carolina Spalding
an American , Caroline Spalding

Who is the main character you follow in this story ?
The main character is Louis Trevelyan
Louis Trevelyan .

Why does Louis s and Emily s marriage fall apart ?
Their marriage falls apart due to Louis s distrust and jealousy .
Louis was jealous of Emily friendship with Colonel Osborne

Who is Nora ?
Nora is Emily s sister .
Emilys sister

Who is it that Louis is upset by and caused fights between him and Emily even after their marriage ?
It was caused by Colonel Osborne visits to Emily .
Colonel osbourne

What is Aunt Stanbury s first name ?
Her first name is Jemima .
Jemima

Where did Louis meet Emily ?
They met on the fictional Mandarin Islands .
Mandarin Islands

How many children did Louis and Emily have , and what were the genders ?
They had one child , and it was a boy .
1 boy

Where did Louis run to with his child and fall into deep madness ?
He takes him to Italy .
Italy

Which couple does Aunt Stanbury eventually give a blessing for marriage to ?
Her niece Dorthy and Brooke .
Dorothy and Brooke

Who is governor of the Mandarin Islands ?
Sir Marmaduke Rowley
Sir Marmaduke Rowley

What causes tension in the Trevelyan marriage ?
frequent visits from Colonel Osborne
Colonel Osborne visits too much .

Which men were attracted to Emily s sister ?
Charles Glascock and Hugh Stanbury
Charles and Hugh

How was Hugh s education paid for , according to the story ?
money from his aunt
Jemima Hugh paid for it .

When did Jemima stop financially supporting her nephew ?
when Hugh went to work for a publication she considered radical
when he decided to work for what she considered a radical publication

Which woman did Mr. Gibson propose to after Dorothy rejected him ?
Camilla French
Camilla French .

Who did Jemima intend to leave her money to after her death ?
Brooke Burgess
The Burgess family .

Why was Brook s proposal not immediately accepted ?
Dorothy worried that her aunt would disinherit Brooke if she accepted
Fears here aunt will disinherit him

Why did Dorothy leave her aunt s house ?
they argued over Dorothy s engagement
Dorothy had a argument with her aunt about her relationship with Brooke

Where did Louis go with his son , after taking him from Emily ?
Italy
Italy .

