How many careers has Blood had ?
3 - doctor , sailor , soldier
3

Why Blood arrested ?
He was helping wounded Rebels
Treason

Why is Blood convicted ?
For giving aid to someone connected to the rebellion/helping a traitor
He helped rebels

Why is n't Blood hanged for his treason ?
Because King James II is cheap and is selling prisoners into slavery instead
The king has Blood s sentence commuted due to financial reasons .

Where is Barbados located ?
In the Carribean
Caribbean

What does Colonel Bishop need slaves for ?
He needs workers to work on his sugar plantations
sugar plantations

Why does Arabella Bishop become close to Blood ?
She learns his sad history and sympathizes with him .
she has sympathy for him

What does Blood end up working as in Barbados ?
A physician that is hired out by Colonel Bishop
doctor

Who sails away with Blood ?
Other convict-slaves that escaped the plantation with Blood .
other convict slaves including Jeremy Pitt , Edward Wolverstone , Nicholas Dyke , and Ned Ogle

Why was n't Colonel Bishop promoted to governer of Jamacia ?
Because Colongel Bishop abandoned his post assigned to him in order to hunt down Blood
because Blood saved the Jamaicans from invasion

Why does Dr. Peter Blood get arrested during the Battle of Sedgemoor ?
He is arrested for treating some of the wounded rebels during the battle
He helps wounded rebels .

What charges does Dr . Blood get convicted of ?
He gets convicted of treason .
Treason .

Who is Arabella Bishop ?
She is Colonel Bishop s niece whom Dr . Blood later marries .
Colonel Bishop s niece

What does Colonel Bishop hire Dr . Blood to do initially ?
Colonel Bishop hires Dr . Blood to work on his sugar plantation .
Work in the sugar plantations

How does Dr . Blood escape during the raid ?
He captures the Spaniards ' ship and sails away .
Captures a Spaniard ship .

What does Dr . Blood pursue after his escape ?
He becomes one of the most successful pirates in the Caribbean .
Capturing Blood to hang him .

How does Colonel Bishop react to Dr . Blood s escape ?
Colonel Bishop feels humiliated and devotes himself to capturing Blood .
He is humiliated and vows to catch him .

What reward does Dr . Blood receive for saving the colony of Jamaica ?
He is appointed the governor to replace Colonel Bishop .
He is appointed Governor

What is Spaniards ' attitude toward Dr . Blood once he becomes a pirate ?
They hated him and feared him as well .
They hate and fear him .

Why does Colonel Bishop leaves his position as a governor ?
He abandons his town to hunt for Dr . Blood .
Blood takes the position

What nationality is the main character ?
Irish
Irish

What is the profession of the main character ?
A Doctor
Physician , soldier , sailor .

What town does the character work and live ?
Bridgwater
Bridgwater in Somerset .

Who is the town preparing to fight for at the beginning of the story ?
Duke of Monmouth
Duke of Monmouth

Who is the infamous judge that sentences the main character ?
Judge Jefferys
Judge Jeffreys

What crime is the main character convicted of ?
Treason
treason

What is the sentence for the main characters crime ?
Death
Death by hanging .

Who does the main character become friendly with during his time as a slave ?
Arabella Bishop
Arabella Bishop

Whose ship does the main character commandeer ?
Spaniards
The Spaniard s

Why was peter arrested ?
For helping rebel fighters .
treason against the king

When does Blood get pardoned ?
After the Glorious Revolution
After the Glorious Revolution

Who does Colonel Bishop devote himself to capturing ?
Peter Blood
Peter Blood

What does Colonel Bishop hire Peter Blood out for ?
To be a physician .
As a physician .

Who does Peter Blood plan on marrying ?
Arabella Bishop
Arabella

Who is Arabella to Colonel Bishop ?
His neice .
his niece

Which nationality is Peter Blood ?
Irish
Irish

How does Peter Blood escape Bridgetown ?
During a spanish pirate raid .
during a Spanish attack on the island

What does Peter Blood do after he escapes ?
He becomes a pirate .
becomes a pirate

Why does King James II have Peter Blood sold into slavery ?
For financial reasons .
For financial reasons .

