What is the month and day that this story opens on ?
June 15
June 15th

What is the month and day of the second day of this storyline ?
June 15
June 15 .

Who is the villan in this story ?
Dorchin
Dorchin .

What town does this story take place in ?
Tylerton
Tylerton

What seems odd at work that first day ?
He is surrounded by advertising jingles .
There are loud advertisements everywhere .

Why does Burckhardt take time to listen to Swanson on the third day ?
His cellar seems to have been dismantled and rebuit and the date is still the same .
Because he realizes that it can not be June 15 again .

What does Contro Chemicals do ?
Manufacture petrochemicals
It operates a petrochemical plant .

What is Swanson s theory of what is going on ?
An invader has taken over the town and tampered with everyone .
An invader has taken over the town and is messing with the residents

What two things has Dorchin done to the dead people ?
Rebuilt them as miniscule robots and using them as subjects of high-pressure advertising campaigns .
He rebuilt the as robots and is using them as testing subjects .

What really happened to the people of Tylerton ?
Contro Chemicals blew up and killed everyone,
They were killed in an explosion and rebuilt as tiny robots .

What happens to Guy during his sleep on the night of June 15 ?
He has nightmares .
he has a bad dream

Who worked at Contro Chemicals ?
Guy Burckhardt .
Swanson and Guy

How did the inhabitants of Tylerton die ?
They were killed by the fumes after the chemical plant explosion .
They died from the chemical explosiom or fumes from the chemical .

Who is Swanson to Guy Burckhardt ?
He is a work colleague .
a coworker

Who took over the ruins of Tylerton after the chemical plant explosion ?
Dorchin , an advertising executive .
Dorchin

What date repeats itself ?
June 15th .
June 15th

Who became Dorchin s captive subjects that test high-pressure advertising campaigns ?
The people of Tylerton .
Dorchin

What is Swanson s theory about what is happening ?
That an invader has taken over their town .
An invader has taken over the town and is messing with the residents

What made Guy think something was wrong while on his way to work ?
He heard advertising jungles .
he is bombarded by loud advertisements at work

Who else close to Guy admits to having strange nightmares ?
Mary Burckhardt .
Swanson

Can you describe Guy and Mary Burckhardt s sleep on the night of June 15th ?
Both woke up having had terrible nightmares , yet they can not remember them .
They had a terrible nightmares

In what industry does Guy work ?
He works in a petrochemical plant .
Petrochemicals .

What happens to Guy when he returns to work following the nightmares ?
He is surrounded by loud invasive advertising jingles .
he discovers that his cellar has been rebuilt

Does anyone try to interact with Guy as he goes through his day and if so whom ?
A colleague named Swanson does try to talk to Guy but with no response .
Swanson is the only person that tries to interact with Guy .

What happens when Guy goes to sleep the night following the bad dreams ?
Those dreams happen again for him .
He has the same Nightmare

What happens to Guy s cellar the evening after the dreams ?
The cellar is dismantled and rebuilt in a way he does not recognize .
Cellar was rebuilt

On day two of the bad dream what does Swanson share with Guy ?
He shares a theory that they have all been tampered with and an invader has taken over the town .
his theory that they have been tampered with

What actually did happen at the chemical plant ?
It exploded and everyone died .
Chemical plant exploded

What did the advertising executive Dorchin do with the plant ?
He rebuilt it and made robots of the people who were deceased .
He rebuilt it and its workers in miniature .

