What is Harriet s relationship with Henrick Vanger ?
grandneice
Harriet is Henrick s grandniece .

What does Henrick Vanger want Mikael Bomkvist to do ?
Investigate the disappearance and possible death of Harriet .
To investigate the disappearance of his grandniece Harriet .

Who is Pernilla ?
Mikael Bomkvist s daughter .
Blomkvist s daughter

What does Mikael Bromkvist want from Henrick Vanger ?
Damning information about Hans-Erik Wennerstrom
Information to use against Wennerstrom

Why is Salander under state legal guardianship ?
Diagnosed mental icompentancy
She was declared mentally incompetent

Who saves Bromkvist when he is attacked by Martin ?
Salander
Salander

What does Bromkvist find out about the death of Harriet ?
That she is still alive .
She is still alive , Hattiet was posing as Anita .

Who is Anita ?
Harriet s cousin
The cousin of Harriet

Who provides Bromkvist with evidence of Hans-Erik Wennerstrom s crimes ?
Salander
Salander

Why does Bromkvist want damning information about Hans-Erik Wennerstrom ?
Because he lost a liabel lawsuit that Wennerstrom filed against him .
he lost a case against him

What magazine does Mikael Blomkvist own ?
Millennium
Millenium Magazine

Who is Harriet ?
Henrik Vanger s grandniece who disappeared and is assumed dead
Henrick s grandniece

Who is Nils Bjurman ?
Salander s new legal guardian who she blackmails
Salander s new guardian .

What do the numbers in the notebook that Blomkvist found represent ?
Bible verses
Bible versus

Who discovers the information about the murders ?
Salander does after being hired to research the notebooks contents
Lisbeth Salander

Who does Anita reveal herself to be ?
Harriet , the presumed dead grand niece of Vanger
Harriet

How does Martin die ?
In a car crash after being chased by Salander .
He wrecks his SUV and it catches on fire

Who does Blomkvist end up with ?
One of his ex girlfriends
Erika Berger

Who is Holger Palmgren ?
Salanders old caretaker who she confides in about her feelings for Blomkvist
Salander s previous guardian .

Why is Salander under state legal guardianship ?
Mental Incompetence
Mental incompetency

Why does Blomkvist decide to help Vanger investigate the murder of Harriet ?
He agrees in exchange for information against Wennerstrom .
Vanger had an extensive background check done on Blomkvist .

Why is Salander appointed a new guardian ?
Salander s previous guardian had a stroke .
Her old guardian had a stroke

What does Bjurman do to Salander ?
He uses his authority to extort Salander and violently rapes her .
rapes her

What does Salander do to Bjurman after he had already raped her ?
She stuns Bjurman with a stungun , uses a dildo on him , and tattoos his stomach and chest with signs that he is a rapist .
She rapes him with a dildo , marks him with a tattoo , and then blackmails him into writing a report of her progress so she can regain control of her money .

What does Salander blackmail Bjurman for ?
Salander blackmails Bjurman with the recording for a great progress report which eventually grants her control of her money .
To write her a glowing progress report and grant her full access to her money .

What does Salander discover about the notebooks that Blomkvist found ?
She discovers a connection to murders of young women over the course of 20 years .
It is connected to a series of murders of women who have Jewish of biblical names

Who does Salander discover to be the murderers ?
She discovers that Martin and his deceased father are the killers .
Gottfried and Martin

What happens when Blomkvist breaks into Martin s house ?
Martin catches Blomkvist and begins torturing him .
Martin catches him and trys to kill him

How does Martin die ?
After Salander chases Martin on her motorcycle , Martin loses control of his SUV and crashes .
car accident

Who does Anita turn out to be ?
Anita is Harriet in disguise .
Harriet

