What is the name of the man with the moon-face ?
John Claverhouse
Claverhouse

What is the protagonist s name ?
The protagonist is unnamed .
unnamed

What does the Claverhouse use to illegally fish ?
Dynamite .
dynamite

What is the name of the protagonist s dog ?
Bellona .
bellona

What is the one trick taught to the dog ?
To fetch , or retrieve .
Retriving anything , especially water retrieval .

What does Bellona retrieve during the fishing trip ?
A lit piece of dynamite .
stick of dynamite

Why was the protagonist satisfied with Killing Claverhouse ?
There was no mess or brutality .
He did so without a mess or brutality .

How does the protagonist describe his own hatred for Claverhouse ?
He calls it an irrational hatred .
The protagonist describes his hatred as irrational .

How does Claverhouse meet Bellona ?
The protagonist gives him the dog before the upcoming trip .
he was presented with the dog before his fishing trip

What was left in the ground after the explosion ?
A big hole , and nothing more .
A large hole .

Why does the protaganist hate John Claverhouse ?
We do n't know
they dont know why just do

What does John Claverhouse do with dynamite ?
for fishing .
fishes

What do we discover about John Claverhouse s method of fishing ?
Its illegal
Claverhouse fishes illegally with dynamite .

What are the three things the protaganist hates about John Claverhouse ?
His face , his laugh and his life
his face , his laugh , and his entire life

John has a face shaped like what ?
the moon
Like the moon .

What is the name of the dog that the protaganist teaches ?
Bellona
bellona

From where does the protaginist does watch John lighting the dynamite ?
From a distance
The protagonist watches from a distance .

What s left after Bellona retrieves the dynamite and returns to John Claverhouse ?
A big hole in the ground .
A large hole .

What is the name of the protagonist ?
It is not given .
the protagonist is unnamed

Why does the protagonist dislike Claverhouse ?
He dislilkes his face , his laugh , his life .
no reason

Why is Claverhouse s means of fishing considered illegal ?
He uses dynamite to kill the fish .
he uses dynamite

What is the name of the dog who becomes the killer of Claverhouse ?
Bellona
bellona

What does the protagonist teach the dog to do ?
To retrieve objects .
retrieval

When is Claverhouse s fate sealed ?
Claverhouse s fate is sealed when he throws the dynamite into the water .
when he takes dog on a trout fishing trip

When does the dynamite explode ?
Just as the dog catches up to Claverhouse .
It explodes right as the dog reaches John s knee .

Why is the protagonist not considered a murder in the death of Claverhouse ?
The death is ruled accidental while illegally fishing .
Claverhouse s death is ruled an accident

What is the emotion of the protagonist as he realizes Claverhouse is dead ?
He is prideful or satisfied with himself .
pride

