Who creates the fictitious war in Albania ?
Hollywood producer Stanley Motss
Conrad Brean and Stanley Motss

Who sends Agent Young to confront Brean about the deception ?
The CIA
The CIA

How does the CIA decide to deal with the situation ?
Announce that the war has ended and allow Motss to continue working the story .
The CIA decides to announce the war is over .

How does Motss attempt to put a positive spin on the story and avert catastrophe ?
He invents a hero named Schumann who was a soldier left behind enemy lines .
He invents a war hero

What is Motss ' response to the obvious setbacks that his plan incurs ?
He says that they are nothing compared to the movie-making catastrophes that he has averted .
He dismisses them as nothing .

Who is the real Schumann ?
A criminally insane army prison convict .
a criminally insane army prison convict

Why does the plane carrying Schumann fail to reach Andrews Air Force Base ?
It crashes
It crashes

Why does the farmer kill Schumann ?
He attempted to rape his daughter .
Because Schumann attempted to rape his daughter

How does Motss explain Schumann s death ?
With an elaborate military funeral , claiming that he died from woulds obtained during his rescue .
He said Schumann died from wounds that he got during the rescue

Why does Brean have Motss killed ?
He is threatening to reveal his involvement in order to receive credit for the cover up of the presidents scandal .
Motss was going to reveal the President s involvement in the made-up war .

Who is caught in a sex scandal ?
The president of the United States .
The President .

The scandal became breaking news how close to Election Day ?
2 weeks
less than two weeks

What is the profession of Conrad Breane , the man who is hired to take the publics attention away from the scandal ?
A Spin Doctor
spin doctor

The fictional war is what country ?
Albania
albania

What kind of tactic is this fictional war being used as ?
A diversionary tactic .
Diversionary

How is the orphan in the faked footage described as ?
being photogenic .
Photogenic

Brean hires Stanley Motss from where ?
Hollywood .
Hollywood

Agent Young is sent by what government agency to confront Breane ?
The CIA .
CIA

After the media gets bored of the fake war story where does their attention turn ?
Back to the presidents scandal .
The President s abuse scandal .

Why was Conrad Bean hired ?
He was hired to find a story to replace the president scamdle .
To try and divert the public s interest away from the Presidential scandal

What did Stanley Motss did ?
He made up a story about a war in Albania
create a fake war

Who hired Stanley Motss ?
Conrad Bean
President Brean

Who reported that the Albany war ended ?
The CIA
CIA

Who told Motss about Schumann ?
Pentagon
The Pentagon

Why did the farmer killed Schumann ?
Schumann was trying to rape his daughter .
attempts to rape the farmer s daughter

What kind of funeral Schumann had ?
Military funeral
military

Who had Motss killed ?
Brean
Brean

Who was Young ?
CIA Agent
An agent sent to confront the President about the fake war story .

