What is the name of the biochemical weapon ?
Silent Night
Silent Night .

Who did NSA Agent Gibbons select to help him ?
Xander Cage
Xander Cage

What were the two tests that Agent Gibbons made Cage complete ?
Stopping a robbery and escaping from a drug plantation
Stopping a staged robbery and escaping from a drug cartel .

Why did Cage agree to help with the mission ?
Agent Gibbons offered to wipe ( remove ) his criminal record
His criminal record would be wiped

How did Cage gain the trust of the Anarchy 99 leader when he first arived ?
He blew the cover of another agent , named Sova
He shoots sova with a fake blood splatter round to make it look like hes dead .

Why does Cage refuse to go back home after his cover is blown ?
He is afraid for Yelena s safety
He fears for Yelena s safety .

What does Yelena tell Cage about herself at the safehouse ?
That she is an FSB agent , working undercover
She is an FSB agent

What was Yorgi s plan involving Silent Night ?
To put Silent Night on a waterborne drone and release the biochemical in every major city
To destroy every major city with it .

How does Cage stop the drone ?
He harpoons it and it sinks underwater
He harpoons Ahab and sinks the drone .

What is the name of the biochemical weapon that Anarchy 99 has ?
Silent Night
Silent Night .

Why does Cage agree to go on the mission ?
Gibbons will wipe his criminal record
Because Gibbons can wipe his criminal record .

What is the name of Anarchy 99 s leader ?
Yorgi
Yorgi .

Who does Cage gain critical information from on the military background of Anarchy 99 ?
Kolya
Kolya

What did Yorgi plan to equip Ahab with ?
Silent Night
A biochemical weapon .

How does Cage destroy the monitoring station that Anarchy 99 used to secure the castle ?
By starting an avalanche
With an avalanche

When Cage and Yelena escape during the special forces attack , who do they kill ?
Kirill and Yorgi
Kirill and Yorgi .

What does Gibbons promise to Yelena after Cage is rescued ?
American citizenship
Gibbons promises Yelena American citizenship .

Where are Cage and Yelena when Gibbons calls with another mission ?
Bora Bora
In Bora Bora .

What alias is Xander Cage known by ?
X
X .

Where are Anarchy 99 soldiers from , according to the story ?
Russia
Russia

When does X agree to accept the mission ?
after Augustus offers to erase his criminal record
When Gibbons offers to wipe his criminal record

What agency arrested Cage ?
FBI
FBI

Where does Xander meet Milan ?
in Prague
Prague .

Which Anarchy 99 member watches X s television program ?
Kolya
To recruit X for the mission .

How did Cage initially gain Yorgi s trust ?
he revealed that Milan was an agent
He reveals Sova s location to Yorgi .

When did Silent Night first disappear ?
after the Soviet Union s fall
The fall of the Soviet Union .

Who was with Cage when Kirill tried to kill him ?
Yelena
Yelena

Which agency did Yelena work for , according to the story ?
FSB
FBI .

