Where does the story take place ?
A village in Holland .
Holland .

Who is Gretchen ?
The Burgomaster s daughter .
The Burgomaster s daughter .

Who does the Burgomaster want his daughter to marry ?
The Governor of Zeeland .
Governor of Zealand

Who does Gretchen really want to marry ?
Captain Doris Van Damm .
Captian Doris

Why is Gretchen locked in the windmill ?
Because her father learns about the plot to marry her to the Captain and locks her away .
So she ca n't elope

Who finally helps Gretchen escape ?
Tina , Con , and Kid .
Tina , Con , and Kid .

Who is the Governor tricked into marrying ?
Bertha .
Bertha

Who do Con and Kid pretend to be during the wedding festivities ?
Sherlock Holmes and Watson .
Sherlock Holmes and Watson .

Why does Gretchen s father finally accept her marriage to the Captain ?
Because it is revealed that the Captain is heir to a fortune .
Because he is heir to a large fortune

What city do Con and Kid live in the United States ?
New York .
New York

Why did Con and Kid sneak out of the inn ?
They do n't have money to pay their bills at the inn .
To avoid paying their bill .

What was the consequence of them running from their bill ?
They were sent to jail .
They are put in jail .

When the innkeeper saved them from imprisonment , how did the Innkeeper let Con and Kid pay off their debt ?
The Innkeeper arranged Con and Kid to work at the inn .
They paid their debt by working at the inn .

Who is Burgomaster s daughter ?
Gretchen .
Gretchen

Who does Gretchen s father want her to marry ?
The Governor of Zeeland .
Governer of Zeeland

Gretchen loves Captain Doris van Damm . To be with the man she loves , who helped her for this plan ?
Con and Kid helped the Captain and Gretchen to elope .
Con and Kid .

When Gretchen s father found out about the plan to elope with the Captain , she was locked in which place ?
Windmill .
windmill

During the wedding , who replaces Gretchen to be the bride of the Governor ?
Bertha .
Bertha

Why did the Burgomaster finally accept the Captain for her daughter ?
They found out the Captain Van Damm is an heir to a large fortune .
The Captain is heir to a fortune .

Why are Con and Kid sent to jail ?
Because they tried to leave the inn without paying their bill .
Not paying at the inn

What nationality are Con and Kid ?
American .
American

What is the occupation of Con and Kid ?
They are Vaudevillians .
Vaudevillians

What does the innkeeper arrange for Con and Kid to do to pay off their bill ?
He arranges for them to work at the inn .
They can work at the inn .

Who does the Burgomaster want his daughter Gretchen to marry ?
The Governor of Zeeland
Govener of Zeeland

What type of building does the Burgomaster lock his daughter up inside ?
In a windmill .
A windmill .

Who tells the Burgomaster about the paln for Gretchen and Captain Doris van Damm to elope ?
Willem
Willem

Who do Con and Kid dress up as at the wedding of Gretchen and the Governor ?
Sherlock Holmes and Watson
They dress as Sherlock Holmes and Watson .

What city do Con and Kid long to return to ?
New York .
New York

Who replaces Gretchen as the bride to the Governor ?
Bertha .
Bertha .

