What does Haven do to get the job as Transport Chief for the gold ?
he beats up the saloon bouncer
He beats up Charlie s saloon bouncer .

What happens to Goddard and Haven when they are transporting the first of the gold ?
He s killed
Goddard is killed and Haven is knocked out by a robber

Where does the horses of the dead men lead Haven ?
to a sawmill owned by Charlie
Home Stable .

What happens to Bristow when he panics and tries to run ?
Prince shoots him
he is shot by Prince

What part of Charlie s plans are revealed while Haven is in jail ?
Charlie s men plan to dress as military men and steal more of the gold
Wear disguises .

What does haven plan to do once he sneaks back to the saloon ?
arrest Charlie and tell her he loves her
Haven plan to arrest Charlie

What happens when Prince sneaks up intending to kill Haven ?
He shoots Charlie instead
He kills Charlie by mistake .

What does Charlie admit before dying ?
that she loves Haven
that she loves Haven

What part does Prince play at the start of the story ?
Charlie s friend
Price is Charlie s friend

What words are heard as the story fades ?
a rhyme about how women and gold stop a man from growing old in one place .
A Burl Ives song .

In the beginning of the story what happened to the soldiers guarding the gold ?
They were murdered .
Murdered .

Who is Haven ?
A military intelligence officer .
Military intelligence officer .

Who is rumored to be the leader of the gold thieves ?
Charlie , the saloon singer .
Chariie

How does Haven get offered the job of transporting the gold ?
He beats up Charlie s saloon bouncer .
Haven fights Charlie .

Where did Haven find the missing gold after he was knocked out ?
In a sawmill owned by Charlie .
Haven find the gold at Charlie s sawmill

How is the gold being transported to Charlie and Prince ?
Using horses .
On the horses ' saddlebags .

How does Haven get away from Prince ?
By convincing the sheriff to arrest him for the crime .
He gets the police to arrest him .

How does Charlie s group plan on stealing more gold ?
By dressing up as military officers and going to the mine .
They would disguise themselves as military officers .

Besides arresting Charlie , why does Haven return to the saloon ?
Because he is in love with Charlie .
Heaven also went to the saloon to tell Charlie he loves her .

Why did Prince shoot Charlie ?
It was an accident .
Prince shoot Charlie by accident .

Although undercover , what is Haven s actual profession ?
Haven is a military intelligence officer .
A military intelligence officer .

Who owns the gold mine ?
Mrs. Caslon .
Mrs. Caslon

What is Charlie doing when Haven first sees her ?
Charlie is singing in a saloon .
Singing .

Who owes Charlie $ 6,000.00 ?
Charlie s lawyer , Bristow .
Charlie s lawyer .

How does Haven find his way to Charlie s sawmill ?
He follows the highway robber s horses .
He follows the dead men s horses .

Who shoots Bristow ?
Prince .
Prince

How does Charlie die ?
She is shot by Prince .
She is shot by Haven

Who is the real person behind all of the robbings and murders ?
Charlie .
Charlie

Why is Haven conflicted when he goes to arrest Charlie for her crimes ?
Haven is in love with Charlie .
Because he loves her

How do Charlie s men plan on stealing more of Mrs. Caslon s gold ?
They are going to disguise themselves as military officers .
disguise themselves as military officers

