What is the name of the family in the story ?
The Rigonda family .
Rigonda

What do the castaways do to try and signal for help after they are stranded ?
They construct a signal flag .
They construct a signal flag to attract ships

Why does Mother Lynch nominate Pauline to become Queen ?
Because Dominick and Malines can not agree .
They were not getting along .

How do the colonists save Pauline and Otto when they ve been captured by the Natives ?
By chasing them and fire a volley at them .
The colonist fire volleyat the natives

Who tries to leave the island without everyone else ?
Malines and his co-conspirators .
Maline

What does Queen Pauline do to Malines that surprises everyone ?
Pardons him
Pardoning them .

Who is waiting for the children in England ?
Their parents .
their parents

Why can the ship not go back to its original port ?
A storm causes damage .
because it shipwrecked

What happens that causes everyone to decide to flee the island ?
An earthquake .
An earthquake strikes .

How do the children escape from the Native canoe ?
They jump overboard .
They jump in the water .

What does the family find aboard the castaway ship they are on ?
A hidden cache of food .
A hidden cache of food .

What activities does the Rigonda family take part on when they first arrive at the island ?
They explore , hunt wild boar , and construct a signal flag .
They hunt , find shelter , make a flag and harvest food .

What happens during the storm ?
A emigrated ship crashes on a coral reef off of the island .
the ship shipwrecks off the island

What is the division of labor on the island ?
The men offload supplies and build shelter and the women take care of the children and build a domicile .
The men unload supplies and erect shelters . The women care for the children and establish a domicile .

Why is Pauline nominated to be queen on the island ?
Dominck and Biles come to blows .
Dominick and Malines got in a fight

What happens to Pauline after being named queen ?
She is captured by natives on the island .
Kidnapped by natives

What happens when Maline tries to flee the island ?
He and his co-conspirators are captured and put in makeshift jails .
Maline was caught and put in jail

What happens after the earthquake ?
Everyone loads on the only intact boat and flees the island .
The people leave on the only boat left just as the island sinks .

Where do the Rigondas eventualy end up ?
Back in England .
England

Who was appointed the judge over Maline ?
Dr. Marsh
Dr. Marsh .

What happened to the natives hiding in the foliage ?
They were killed the by colonists who had guns .
They were dispatched by the colonist .

Besides hunting boar , what did the Rigonda family believe would provide all the food they needed on the island ?
The trees .
Food that grew on trees .

How did Queen Pauline surprise the community ?
She pardoned the criminals .
by pardoning Malines and the others

What major event occurred that sent the people fleeing from the island ?
An earthquake
Earthquake

Why did Malines and his co-conspirators get in trouble ?
They tried to leave the island without the emigrants .
They tried to leave without the emigrants .

After Dominick and Malines got in a fight , what did Mother Lynch do ?
She nominated Pauline for queen .
nominate Pauline to be queen .

In what part of the world does this story take place ?
The South Pacific
in the south Pacific

After they left the island , how did the refugees end up in a different port than anticipated ?
A storm rendered the ship not seaworthy once again and they were forced into that port
There is a storm .

Who was appointed the judge of the kangaroo court ?
Dr. Marsh
Dr. Marsh

What happened to the children at the end of the story ?
Reunited with their parents
reunited with their parents .

