Why did the pediatrician s husband resign from his job ?
He was about to be demoted
His job found out about his drinking problem

Where does Osbourne live after Katie changes the locks ?
in their sailboat
their sailboat on Chesapeake Bay

What evidence does Katie gather to support her divorce ?
files from Osbourne s computer
Her husbands terrible behavior

Which government received the disc containing files from Osbourne s computer ?
Russia
The Russian Embassy

Where is Linda s coworker when he is shot ?
in a wardrobe at the Coxes ' house
Osbourne s basement .

Why does Sandra s husband think Linda is a spy ?
he sees men from the CIA in the park when he is there with Linda
Men trailing him in a park

How come the CIA is confused about the Russians having information from Osbourne s computer ?
Osbourne did n't have access to any confidential information that would be valuable to the Russians
The information is no good

What does Linda hope to gain from all her scheming ?
enough money to pay for her plastic surgery
Money to pay for plastic surgery .

When was Pfarrer detained ?
while he was trying to board a flight to Venezuela
The airport

When was the Chad s manager killed ?
When Osbourne found him in the basement of his house
After Osbourne finds him in the basement .

Why does Osbourne quit his job at the CIA ?
He is faced with demotion because of drinking .
Because he is demoted .

How does the CD end up on the locker room floor at the gym ?
A law firm employee loses it there .
A careless law firm employee leaves it there .

What do Chad and Linda think is on the CD ?
Bank records and sensitive government information .
highly sensitive government information

Where does the CD finally end up ?
At the Russian Embassy .
Russian embassy

Why does Harry flee after meeting Linda in the park ?
He thinks that Linda is a spy .
Thinks Linda is a spy

Why does Linda cooperate with the CIA ?
So that they will pay for her plastic surgery .
After she finds a CD .

To where is Harry trying to escape ?
He is trying to escape to Venezuela .
Venezuela

What eventually happens to Osbourne ?
He is shot and in a coma .
he s put in a coma

How do the events with the CD begin ?
By Katie copying bank records and her husband s diatribes onto the CD for her divorce lawyer .
Katie copying financial records and files from Osbourne s computer

Why is Harry being followed ?
His wife hired a private detective .
His wife hired a private detective

Why was Osbourne Cox demoted ?
He has a drinking problem .
Drinking problem

What does Osbourne Cox s wife , Katie do for a living ?
She is a pediatrician .
pediatrician

What gets left on the floor of Hardbodies ?
The CD .
CD

Which embassy do Chad and Linda turn the CD over to ?
The Russian Embassy
Russian

Who kills Chad ?
Harry
Harry

Where is the sailboat that Chad is forced to stay on docked ?
Chesapeake Bay
Chesapeake Bay

Who is Osbourne s former superior ?
Palmer Smith
Palmer Smith .

Who breaks in to the Cox s home to search Osbourne s computer ?
Ted Treffon
Ted Treffon .

What does Linda want in exchange for agreeing to play ball ?
Plastic surgery .
plastic surgery

What do the staff at the Russian embassy call Osbourne s ramblings ?
Drivel
Drivel

