What job did Will have at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ?
He was a janitor .
Janitor .

Who at the college helped Will out the most ?
Professor Lambeau
Sean

Where did the gang fight that got Will and his friends in trouble take place at ?
The basketball court .
The basketball court .

Skylar invited Will to move with her to what state ?
California
California

What was Will s critique about the National Security Agency ?
The moral position of the agency .
scathing

Who was the last therpaist Professor Lambeau got to see Will ?
Dr. Sean Mcguire
Dr. Sean Maguire

Will told Skylar he was a victim of abuse , who else did he tell ?
Dr. Sean Mcguire
Sean

Which of his friends did Will send to the job interviews ?
Chuckie
Chuckie .

Where was the note that Chuckie found from Will left at ?
In his mailbox
His mailbox .

Will s final decision was to do what ?
Not take the job and instead leave to go to California to see Skylar
go to see Skylar

What is Will s job ?
He works as a janitor at Massachussetts Institute of Techology
Janitor

What happens when Professor Lambeau posts a complicated math problem ?
Will solves the problem anonymously .
Will solves the problem anonymously

What does Lambeau do upon seeing the complicated math problem solved ?
He posts a second more complicated math problem and catches Will solving the problem , but Will flees .
He posts an even more difficult problem .

What agreement does Lambeau reach with Will after he s arrested ?
That Will takes math classes and seeks counseling at the school in exchange for jail time .
That Will can avoid jail time if he participates in therapy sessions and studies mathematics under Lambeau s supervision .

What happens when Will meets with Dr. sean Maguire compared to the other psychologists he sees ?
Will actually starts opening up to Maguire after a few sessions .
Sean actually challenges Will s defense mechanisms and Will opens up after a few sessions .

What does Sean s story about his wife encourage Will to do ?
The story encourages Will to seek a relationship with Skylar .
to build a relationship with Skylar

What does Lambeau do for Will as the counseling is going well ?
Lambeau sets up a number of job interviews for Will . which Will turns down .
He sets up some job interviews for him .

What does Skylar want Will to do ?
She wants Will to move to California with her .
move

What do Sean and Will find they have in common with one another ?
They are both victims of child abuse .
They were both victims of child abuse .

What does Will finally decide ?
He decides to head to California to reunite with Skylar .
He will see Skylar in California .

Where does Will work ?
M.I.T .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Where does Skylar plan to got to medical school ?
Stanford .
Stanford .

Why is Will arrested ?
For fighting .
Will and his friends get in a fight with a gang at the basketball court

How did Sean meet his wife ?
By giving up his ticket to the world series .
By giving up his ticket to a historic 1975 World Series when he saw her the first time .

Who sets up job interviews for Will ?
Lambeau .
Lambeau

How does Lambeau know Sean ?
They were college roommates .
They were college roommates

Where does Sean teach Psychology ?
Bunker Hill Community College .
Bunker Hill Community College .

What kind of car do Will s friends give him ?
A Chevrolet Nova .
Chevrolet Nova .

What does Sean find in his mailbox ?
A letter from Will .
A letter from Will saying he went to California to be with Skylar .

