Who is the Thern that was rescued form the pirates ?
The daughter of the Holy Hekkador of the Therns .
Phaidor .

Thuvia tells Carter that Tars Tarkas is captured by which people ?
The green warriors of Warhoon .
the green warriors of Warhoon

When Carter is returned to Helium what crime is he tried for ?
Heresy .
returning from the Valley of Dor

At the end of the story where are Thoris , Thuvia , and Phaidor imprisoned ?
In the Temple of the Sun .
Temple of the Sun

Why is Xodar given to Carter as a slave ?
As punishment for being defeated by Carter .
as his punishment for being defeated by Carter previously

At the beginning of the story who is the lone survivor of the attack by the planet men ?
Tars Tarkas .
It is Tars Tarkas .

Who is the slave girl that Carter and Tars Tarkas rescue at the beginning of the story ?
Thuvia .
Thuvia

What are the black pirates called that prey on the Therns ?
The First Born
The Black Pirates of Barsoom .

Where does Carter meet Issus ?
Omean .
Omean

How long is Carter held prisoner in Helium ?
365 days .
365 days .

What was Xodar s punishment for being defeated by Carter ?
He had to be his slave .
He s made a slave

What did the Therns mislead Barsoomians to believe about the pilgrimage to the Valley Dor ?
That it is a journey to paradise .
That is a journey to paradise

Why did Tars take the pilgrimage to the Valley Dor ?
To find Carter .
To find Carter

How long had Carter been separated from his wife and unborn child ?
Ten years .
Ten years .

How is Mors Kajak related to Dejah Thoris ?
He is her father .
Their father

What did Carter and Tars use to their advantage when they attempted to escape from Valley Dor ?
The confusion caused from an attack by the Black Pirates of Barsoom .
They used confusion caused by the attack of the Black Pirates .

What happens to Carter after he returns to Helium ?
He is tried for heresy by the Zodangans .
He is tried heresy by the Zodangans .

How does Xodar respond to the way Carter treats him as a slave ?
He becomes Carter s friend .
Carter treats him with compassion , and the two become friends .

What is the alternate name for Mars in the story ?
Barsoom
Barsoom

Where on Barsoom is John Carter transported ?
The Valley Dor
Back to earth

What is the Valley Dor to Barsoomians ?
The afterlife
It is the Barsoomian afterlife .

What skin color do the Therns have ?
White
White skin

Which two groups in the story think of themselves as gods ?
The Therns and the Black Pirates
The Therns and Black Pirates .

Who is made John Carter s slave ?
Xodar
Xodar

Who is Tars Tarkas ?
John Carter s friend , the Jeddak of Thark
The Jeddak of Thark

Who rescues John Carter after he escapes prison ?
The Heliumetic navy
His son .

What is the punishment for escaping the Valley Dor ?
Death
Being enslaved or eaten

Which three people are imprisoned in the Temple of the Sun at the end of the story ?
Dejah Thoris , Thuvia and Phaidor
They are Dejah Thoris , Thuvia , and Phaidor .

Where does John Carter arrive on Barsoom ?
The Valley Dor , the Barsoomian equivalent of the afterlife
The Valley Dor

Who is the lone survivor on the boat on the River Iss ?
John s friend Tars Tarkas , who had set out to find John Carter .
Tars Tarkas

What do Tars and John discover about the journey to the Valley Dor ?
That it is a lie the Therns have fed to the Baroomian s that they will journey to paradise and are instead killed by other creatures .
No one is allowed to depart .

Who do Tars and John rescue ?
They rescue Thuvia , a slave girl .
Thuvia

Who is attacking the Therns when Tars and John attempt to escape ?
The Black Pirates of Barsoom are attacking the Therns .
The Black Pirates of Barsoomia .

What happens aboard the pirate ship that John boards ?
John kills all of the pirates but one and rescues a kidnapped princess .
He kills all but one of the pirates .

What happens to John at Omean ?
John is imprisoned by the first born .
He is taken to Issus

How does John escape death in Omean ?
He leads a revolt among the prisoners killing many First Ones , and then sneaks with his son through underground tunnels .
through underground tunnels

What happens when John goes to rescue Tars ?
He is discovered by his enemies and forced to fight .
They hijack a pirate ship

What happens at Omean Crater ?
John is challenged by the Therns , Zat Arras and then the First Born , and John encourages the Therns and First Born to fight one another .
The Therns an First Born attack one another .

