What period does Loss and Gain describe the religious climate of ?
In the 1840s .
1840 s

Which group was despised out of all of the thinkers ?
Roman Catholic Church .
Roman Catholic Church

Why was the Roman Catholic Church despised ?
Introduction of superstition into its practice .
Because they had introduced superstition into their practice of religion .

What was the advice that Reding s father provided him ?
To submit to the teachings of the English Church , but not follow any factious parties .
Become involved in the teachings of the Church of England but not the parties within .

What do conversation with Sheffield convince Reding of ?
There are right and wrong answers in doctrinal matters .
doctrinal matters must have a right and wrong answers

What is Reding forced to subscribe to , yet has doubts about ?
Thirty-nine Articles .
The Church of England

What temporarily erases Reding s doubts of the Thirty-nine Articles ?
Reding s father s death .
the death of his father

How was Reding received when telling his family about his plan to convert ?
Reding was received with resentment and anger .
His family are resentful and hurt

What church does Reding ultimately join ?
Roman Catholic Church .
the Roman Catholic Church

What church is Reding originally a part of ?
Anglican Church .
Church of England

What movement was Newman the leading member of ?
Oxford Movement
The Oxford Movement

What did the Oxford movement advocate ?
The catholic interpretation of the church of England .
Catholic interpretation of the Church of England

Why was the Roman Catholic Church despised ?
They brought in the belief of superstitions .
Because of the superstition involved in its practice .

When did Newman convert to Roman Catholicism ?
1845
1845

How old was Newman at the time of his conversion ?
in his 40 s
40s

Who does Redding confess his doubts to ?
his sister Mary
Mary

When Redding converts what emotions does Mary express to him ?
Anger and resetnment
Anger

Why does Jennings force Redding to live away from Oxford during his studies ?
to not corrupt the other students
so he is not a bad influence on the other students

Why is Redding disappointed when he seeks out Church authority ?
he finds disention
There was no consensus , only contradictory ideas .

Who is Willis ?
a former Oxford peer who converted to Roman Catholicism
A former Oxford peer

Who joined the Roman Catholic church ?
Charles Reding .
Reding

Where did Reding join the Catholic Church ?
The Passionists Convent .
Passionists Convent

How old was Newman ?
In his 40s .
In his 40 s

Where was Reding confronted by emissaries ?
London .
at Oxford

Who was the leading member of the Oxford Movement ?
Newman .
Newman

What did Newman do for a living ?
He was a theologian .
Leading Member of the Oxford Movement

When were the religious tensions occurring at Oxford University ?
The 1840s .
The 1840 s .

What church did Charles Reding depart ?
The Anglican church .
The Church of Englad

What is Private Judgment ?
A Protestant doctrine .
It locates authority in an individual

Who forced Charles Reding to live away from Oxford ?
Jennings
To prevent him from corrupting students

