Why does Ronnie leave Rae at the beginning of the story ?
Ronnie was deployed with the Tennessee National Guard .
he was deployed

How does Rae s impression of Lazarus change throughout the story ?
Rae stops trying to escape from Lazarus and chooses to continue living with Lazarus .
at first she tries to escape , then learns to tolerate him , and finally chooses to stay on his farm

How is Gill punsihed for his sexual advances towards Rae ?
Ronnie assaults Gill and steals his truck .
Ronnie attacks him when he finds out

What causes Gill to beat Rae and leave her on the side of the road ?
Gill tried to coerce Rae into sexual activity , but she denies him and compares him to another man .
she laughed at his advances and compared him to other men

What event in Rae s life could have led to her sexual promiscuity ?
Rae was abused sexually abused by her mother s partner .
Her boyfriend left to serve in the Tennessee National Guard .

What profession was Lazarus before being a farmer ?
Lazarus was a former blues guitarist .
Blues guitarist .

How do Lazarus ' feelings towards Rae change throughout the story ?
Lazarus realizes that he ca n't judge Rae for her actions .
Sympathetic

Why do you think that Lazarus is so upset by Rae s sexual behaviors ?
Lazarus ' wife cheated on him with his brother , and he remains upset about this .
She is sinful .

Why does Lazarus chain Rae to the radiator ?
Lazarus was afraid that Rae would run away .
To keep her from running away .

How does Rae show her support for Lazarus at the end of the story ?
Rae attends his blues concert .
By staying with him on her own terms .

Why is Lazarus being so mad all the time ?
Lazarus ' wife was cheating on him with his brother an that has made him mad all the time .
His wife and brother had an affair .

Why is Ronnie Morgan gone ?
Ronnie was deployed with the National Guard .
he was deployed

Why Is Gill Morton not a good friend to Ronnie ?
When Ronnie was gone Gill tried to take advantage of Rae and beat her up very badly .
Tries to sleep with his wife .

Why did Lazarus take Rae to his house ?
Lazarus found Rae hurt so he takes Rae home to take care of her .
To nurse her back to health

How did Rae get on the side of the road ?
Gill Morton beat her up and dumped her off on the side of the road .
Gill dumps her

Why did Ronnie come home so soon ?
Ronnie was discharged from the National Guard .
He was discharged

How does Rae get free from the chains ?
Lazarus realized he is not the one who is to be judging and he frees her .
Lazarus frees her

What did Rae talk to her mother about ?
Rae talked to her mother about her significant other sexually abusing her .
Sexual abuse .

What is the name of Rae s boyfriend ?
Ronnie .
Ronnie Morgan

Where does Gill leave Rae after he beats her ?
On the side of the road .
the side of the road

What kind of vehicle does Ronnie take from Gill ?
His truck
A truck

What kind of meals does Lazarus cook for Rae ?
Home cooked meals .
home-cooked

What profession does Lazarus ' friend R.L . have ?
He is a pastor .
Pastor .

What does Lazarus chain Rae to ?
A radiator .
A radiator

What does Gill tell Ronnie about Rae when he comes back ?
She cheats on him when he is out of town .
that she has been cheating on him when he is out o town

What condition causes Ronnie to be discharged from the National Guard ?
Severe anxiety disorder .
his severe anxiety disorder

Who does Rae confront when she and Lazarus go to town ?
Her mother .
Her mother

What type of instrument does Lazarus play ?
The guitar .
The guitar .

