Whose wedding was Emma Woodhouse attending in the beginning of the story ?
Emma Woodhouse was attending the wedding of her friend Miss Taylor , who was getting married to Mr.Weston .
Miss Taylor .

What was Emma s plan with Harriet ?
Emma planned to persuade Harriet to reject the marriage proposal from Robert and to match her with Mr.Elton .
to get her married to Mr. Elton , the vicar

Why did Jane Fairfax come home before becoming a governess ?
Jane came home to meet her aunt Miss.Bates and grandmother Mrs.Bates .
to see her aunt and grandmother

Why was Emma envious towards Jane ?
Emma was envious towards Jane because she was talented and praised by everyone .
because Jane was so talented and had everyone s praise

Where did Emma insult Miss.Bates ?
Emma insulted Miss.Bates at Box Hill , a local beauty spot .
Box Hill

What was Frank and Jane s revelation to the Westons ?
The revelation was that they were secretly engaged since the fall .
that they are engaged to be married

How did the engagement between Frank and Jane end ?
The engagement between Frank and Jane ended because the strain of the secrecy cause them to quarrel , leading to Jane ending their engagement .
they ll get married after a mourning period

To whom did Harriet get married to ?
Harriet gets married to Robert Martin .
Robert Martin

What did Harriet tell Emma upon learning about Frank s engagement ?
Harriet told Emma that she loves Mr.Knightley even though she knows the match is too unequal .
that she loves Mr. Knightley

Why does Emma take credit for Miss Taylor and Mr. Weston s marriage ?
Becuase Emma introduced them to each other .
she was the one to introduce them

Who advises Emma not to be a matchmatker ?
Mr. Knightley .
Mr. Knightley

Where do Jane and her father live ?
Hartfield .
Hartfield .

Who is Mr. Elton ?
The local vicar .
the local vicar

Where does Mr. Elton go after Emma refuses his proposal of marriage ?
Bath .
to Bath

Who does Emma marry ?
Mr. Knightley .
Mr. Knightley

What gift does Jane Fairfax receive from an anonymous benefactor ?
A piano .
a piano

Who does Harriet Smith marry ?
Robert Martin .
Robert Martin .

What is Robert Martin s profession ?
He is a farmer .
farmer

Who does Jane Fairfax marry ?
Frank Churchill .
She did n't marry him yet , but she will marry Frank

When did Mr. Knightley and Emma Woodhhouse get married ?
Before the end of November .
late November

Who is Mrs Bates to Mss Jane Fairfax ?
Grandmother .
her aunt

How did the Eltons treat Miss . Harriet Smith ?
Very badly .
Badly .

Who is Mr. Weston to the former Governess Mss . Taylor ?
They are newlyweds .
her new husband

Who was the respected , well spoken and well educated yound farmer ?
Roberts Martin .
Robert Martin

Who is Frank Churchill ?
Mr. Weston s son .
Mr. Weston s son

Where was Emma Woodhouse s home ?
Hartfield .
Hartfield

What newly found interest does Emma Woodhouse suddenly engage in after attending Mss Tayor and Mr Weston s wedding ?
Matchmaking .
matchmaking

How long did Frank Churchill s visit last at his father s house ?
Two weeks .
2 weeks

Who scolded Emma Woodhouse ?
Mr. Knightley .
Mr. Knightley

