What is Juno s big dilemma ?
She finds out she is pregnant .
The Loring s break up

How old is Juno ?
She is sixteen years old .
16

Who is it that Juno realizes she is love with ?
Her long time friend and father of her child Paulie .
Paulie

Who are Mark and Vanessa ?
They are the married couple who want to adopt her baby when it is born .
The couple who agreed to adopt Juno s child

What does Juno share in common with Mark ?
They both liked punk rock and horror films .
A love of punk rock music and scary movies

What does Juno convince Vanessa to do after she saw the way Vanessa how she was with a child at the shopping mall ?
She convinced Vanessa to talk to the baby while in her stomach .
To talk to the baby in Juno s womb .

Why does Mark tell Vanessa he wants a divorce ?
He says he is n't ready to become a father and there are things he still wants to do .
He is not ready to be a dad yet .

Why did Juno angrily confront Paulie ?
She got upset when she found out he asked some else to the prom .
He asked another girl to prom

What does the note say that Juno leaves at Vanessa s house ?
It said if your still in , I m still in .
Vanessa : If you re still in , I m still in . - Juno .

After having a heart felt conversation with her father what did Juno realize ?
She realized she was in love with Paulie .
That she is in love with Paulie

Who is the main character ?
Juno MacGuff
Juno Macguff

How old is the main character ?
Sixteen
16

Who is the main character pregnant by ?
Paulie Bleeker
Paulie .

After considering abortion , what does Juno decide to do with the baby ?
Put it up for adoption
carry it to term and give it up for adoption

Where does Juno and her friend , Leah , look for prespective parents ?
The Pennysaver
PennySaver Ads

Who does Juno first choose to adopt her baby ?
Mark and Vanessa Loring
Mark and Vanessa Loring .

What do Juno and Mark bond over ?
Their love for punk rock and horror films
Punk rock and horror films .

What does Mark do for a living ?
He works from home composing commercial jingles .
Writes commercial jingles

Why does Mark leave Vanessa ?
He is n't ready to be a father
He is n't ready for fatherhood .

Who ends up adopting Juno s baby ?
Vanessa
Vanessa Loring

How old is Mac s daughter when she gets pregnant ?
16
16 .

Where does Juno look for adoptive parents for her baby ?
in Pennysaver ads
In the Pennysaver

Which couple did Bren s stepdaughter choose to adopt her baby ?
Vanessa and Mark Loring
Mark and Vanessa Loring .

What interests do Juno and Mark share ?
scary movies and punk rock music
Punk rock and horror films .

Which friend helped Juno find adoptive parents ?
Leah
Leah

Why does Juno get upset with Paulie ?
he asked someone else to the prom
He asked another girl to prom

When did Mark tell his wife he was leaving her ?
Shortly before Juno gave birth
After telling Juno .

What does Juno decide about the baby after learning that the Lorings are separating ?
to still let Vanessa adopt the baby if she wants to do so
She still wants to give the babe to Vanessa .

Where is Paulie while Juno is giving birth ?
at a track meet
A track meet .

When did Paulie realize that Juno was having the baby ?
after he saw she was n't in the stands at his track meet
After the track meet .

