How many years after the attack on Naboo was the Galactic republic threatened ?
10 years .
10 .

Who were the jedi s that were placed as protection for queen Amidala ?
Jedi knight Obi Wan Kenobi and his apprentice , Anakin Skywalker .
Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker .

What planet was Obi Wan lead to where he found an army of clones , based off of the bounty hunter , Jango Fett ?
The ocean planet , Kamino
Kamino

Why did Anakin and Padme go back to tattooine ?
Anakin felt premonitions of his mother , that she was in pain and that she needed his help .
To save his mother .

What happens to Anakins mother when he finds her abducted by the tusken raiders at their camp ?
Anakins mother dies in his arms .
Tortured and dies .

What reaction did Anakin have after seeing his mother die in front of him ?
He was angry and massacred the Tuskens .
He massacres the Tuskens

What planet did Obi won find out about Count Dookus authorization to kill Padme ?
The planet Genosis .
Geonosis

Who comes to the rescue when Obi wan and Anakin are fighting Count Dooku ?
The Jedi master Yoda .
Jedi and clone troopers .

How did Dooku react to Yoda fighting him ?
Dooku realizes that he can not beat Yoda and runs away .
Dooku fled .

What happens to Anakin when they arrive back at Naboo ?
He is fitted with a robotic arm .
He falls in love Padme while assigned to escort her .

Who is the leader of the Separatist gathering ?
Count Dooku
Cound Dooku .

On what planet does Obi-wan discover an army of clones ?
Kamino
Geonosis

Who is Obi-Wan Kenobi s apprentice ?
Anakin Skywalker
Anakin Skywalker .

Who was the assassin tasked with killing Senator Padme ?
Zam Wessel
Zam Wesell

What is the name of the superweapon in the blueprints that Dooku delivers ?
Death Star
The Death Star .

Who are the two witnesses at the wedding in Naboo ?
R2-D2 and C-3PO
C-3PO and R2-D2 .

What causes Anakin to become enraged and destroy the Tuskens ?
The death of Shmi
They tortured his mother to death .

How is Obi-Wan able to locate Jango on Genesis ?
A homing beacon
Homing beacon .

Why does Senator Padame ' want to create an army ?
To assist the Jedi with the threat of Dooku
Count Dooku a former Jedi Master and the separatist movement are threatening the Galactic Republic

Who comes to Coruscant to vote on creation of an army to help the Jedi ?
Senator Padme Amidala
Padme Amidala

What happens to Senator Padme Amidala upon her arrival to Coruscant ?
She narrowly avoids an assassination attempt and is placed under protection
There is an assassination attempt

What happens as Anakin escorts Padme back to Naboo ?
The two fall in love
They fall in love .

What does Obi-Wan discover in Kamino ?
An army of clones being created for the Republic
Obi-Wan discovers that an army of clones are being produced .

What is the name of Jango and Boba s ship ?
Slave I
the Slave 1

What happens after Anakin experiences premonitions of his mother in pain ?
He travels to Tatooine with Padma to save her .
he travels with Shmi to Tatooine

What happens to Shmi when Anakin finds her ?
She dies in his arms
She dies in his arms .

What happens to Padme and Anakin when they are traveling to Geonosis to save Obi-Wan ?
They are captured
They are captured as well

Who is Dooku unable to defeat , which causes him to flee ?
Yoda
Yoda .

What does Dooku deliver to his Sith master in Coruscant ?
Blueprints for a superweapon , the Death Star
Blue prints for the Death Star weapon .

