Who is Mini Me ?
A clone of Dr . Evil .
Dr . Evil s miniature clone of himself .

What kills Felicity ?
Poison gas .
Poison Gas

What does Scott discover on the Jerry Springer show ?
His parents are Dr . Evil and Frau Farbissina .
He was not created in a test tube .

How big is Mini Me ?
1/8 .
1/8 size

What does the MOD use as a time travel device ?
Volkswagen Convertible Beetle .
A convertible Volkswagon Beetle .

Where does Austin push Mini Me into ?
Space .
Flushing into Space .

How did Fat Bastard get a hold of Austin s mojo ?
By extracting it from Austin s body .
time machine

How can Austin save Felicity and the world ?
Use of a time machine .
By going back in time .

What were Austin and Vanessa celebrating when she tried to kill him ?
Honeymoon .
Their honeymoon .

Dr . Evil starts a riot on what television show ?
The Jerry Springer Show
Jerry Springer

Where is Austin Powers mojo stolen from him ?
In the Ministry of Defense Cryo Chamber
His frozen body .

In what year does Dr . Evil nd Mini Me travel back in time ?
1969
1969 .

How does Austin travel back in time to 1969 ?
A convertable Volkeswagon New Bettle
A Time Machine

Dr Evil ahas sex with Frau Fabissna after drinking some of Austin s mojo and Frau had a son named who ?
Scott
Scott

How did Austin and Felicity find the villian Fat Bastard ?
by analyzing a stool sample he left .
analyzing his bowel movements

How did Austin adn Felicity make to to the moon ?
By histching a ride on Apollo 11
On Apollo 11 .

Waht does Austin Powers discover on the moon base about his stolen mojo ?
He did not need it after all
That he never lost it .

Who is Dr. Evils agent who was killed by Mini Me before he could reveal the doctors whereabouts ?
Mustafa
Mustafa .

How does Dr . Evil intend to take over the world and demand they give him money ?
He will use a giant laser on the moon
Hold the world for ransom .

At the beginning of the story , why does Austin celebrate naked in the lobby of the hotel ?
He celebrates being single again , now that his wife has self-destructed .
Because he is single again .

When does Austin first discover that his mojo has been stolen ?
While trying to have sex with Ivana Humpalot .
At Mod headquarters

What is the form of the Ministry of Defense time machine ?
It is a Volkswagen New Beetle .
Cryo Chamber

What does Dr . Evil first do when he received Austin s mojo ?
He drinks it , and has sex with Frau Farbissina
Drinks it

What prevents Mustafa from revealing the location of Dr . Evil s lair ?
He falls off a cliff after being shot by Mini-Me .
Mini-me shoots him in the neck with a dark , causing him to fall off the cliff .

What is Felicity s plan to track Fat Bastard back to Dr . Evil s secrete lair ?
She seduces him and implants a tracker in his anus .
To seduce him and plant a Homing device in his anus .

How is the location of Dr . Evil s secret volcano lair discovered ?
A sample of rare vegetation , which grows on only one island in the Caribbean , is found in Fat Bastard s stool sample .
By examining Fat Bastards feces .

During the fight in Dr . Evil s moon base , what choice is Austin given ?
He can either save the world , or else save Felicity s life .
Save the world or Felicity .

How is Austin able to save both Felicity and the world ?
By using the time machine to be in two places at once .
By traveling back in time .

Who are Scott s biological parents ?
Dr . Evil and Frau Farbissina
Dr . Evil and Frau Farbissina

