What did Tom warn Leo about regarding Verna ?
That she was playing with him in order to protect her brother .
That she is using him to protect her brother .

How did Tom fake killing Bernie ?
He fired his gun .
He fired his gun and told Bernie to run and hide .

Who placed the dead body where bernie s should have been ?
Bernie place the dead body where his should have been .
Bernie .

Why did Casper s men think they found Bernie s dead body ?
It was in the place where Tom pretended to shoot him and the dead person s face ha been disfigured .
They found a body shot in the face and disfigured by birds .

Who did Tom send to meet Bernie ?
Caspar .
Caspar

Who got killed when Bernie and Casper met ?
Bernie killed Casper .
Bernie kills Casper .

What happens to Bernie for blackmailing Tom ?
Tom shoots and kills him .
He gets shot .

Who ends up staying with Verna ?
Leo .
Leo

What does Leo offer Tom the day Bernie is burried ?
He offers Tom his job back .
tom s job

Who is Leo O'Bannon s closest advisor ?
Tom Reagan .
tom reagan

In the story , for what reason does Tom Reagan advise Leo to give up Bernie Bernbaum to Johnny Caspar ?
To end the war between Leo and Johnny to be boss of the city .
He wants to end the war .

Whose lover is Mink in the story ?
Eddie the Dane Dane s and Bernie Bernbaum s .
Dane

What is Verna Bernbaum s relationship with Bernie Bernbaum ?
His sister .
They are siblings

In the end , what happens to Bernie Bernbaum ?
Tom Reagan shoots him .
Bernie is murdered then buried .

In the end of the story , who does Verna Bernbaum propose to ?
Leo O'Bannon .
Leo .

When Dane takes Tom Reagan back to Miller s Crossing to look for Bernie Bernbaum s body , what did they find ?
A body that was shot in the face that was also disfigured by the birds .
The body of Mink .

When Leo beats Tom Reagan and turns his back on him , what does Tom do ?
He goes to Leo s rival , Johnny Caspar looking for work .
He asks Caspar for work

What did Tom Reagan do when he had set up a meeting with Bernie Bernbaum ?
He sent Johnny Caspar instead of going to meet him himself .
Sends Casper instead .

Which three characters in the story have died by the end ?
Bernie Bernbaum , Eddie the Dane Dane , and Johnny Caspar .
Casper , Eddie Dane , and Bernie

What 2 men were having an affair with Verna Bernbaum ?
Tom and Leo were both having a relationship with Verna
Leo and tom

What was Eddie Dane looking for in Miller s Crossing ?
The dead body of Bernie .
He was looking for Bernie s body .

What was Bernie trying to blackmail Tom with ?
The fact that Tom had said he killed Bernie but had n't .
That he faked his death , with the body of Dane s lover .

How was Bernie related to Verna ?
He was her Brother
Bernie is Verna s brother .

Who are the 2 rivals for control of the city ?
Leo and Caspar are rivals
Leo O'Bannon and Johnny Caspar

Who fooled Bernie and eventually killed him ?
Tom tricked him
Tom .

Why did Tom trick Bernie and eventually kill Bernie ?
Tom tricked and killed him for blackmailing him .
It was retribution for trying to blackmail him .

How did Bernie first escape being killed by Tom ?
Begging for mercy .
Tom faked his death .

