Where does the story take place ?
Staten Island , New York .
Staten Island New York

What kind of work did Tom Grogan do ?
He was a stevedore .
stevedore

What happened to Tom Grogan ?
He died as a result of an injury .
he died

How did Tom s widow respond when her husband died ?
She hid the fact saying that he was hospitalized due to illness .
She conceals that he died .

In what way does Tom s widow support her family ?
She runs her husband s stevedore business .
She assumes his identity and his business .

What name does Tom s widow adopt for herself ?
Tom Grogan .
Tom Grogan .

What is Tom s cultural background ?
She is an Irishwoman .
Stevedore

What organization does Tom resist joining ?
The labor union .
The labor union

How do the other stevedores react to Tom ?
They become jealous .
with jealousy

What was Tom Grogan s career in life ?
He was a stevedore .
stevedore

How did Tom Grogan die ?
He died from the effects of an injury .
from an injury

What does his widow do after he dies ?
She hides the fact , claiming he was sick and in a hospital , allowing her to assume his name and business .
She runs his business .

How is his widow recieved as the role of stevedore by fellow stevedores ?
She has some jealous opposition from the other stevedores .
contempt for her success

How do the labor union leaders take the news ?
They are also extremely jealous of her role , since she does n't join the union .
walking delegates

Where does this story take place ?
The story is based in Staten Island , New York .
Staten Island

How is Tom Grogan ' described ?
As a sturdy , cheerful , capale Irishwomen .
was a stevedore , ingenious , spirited and entertaining

What ways do her competitors try to take her down ?
The law , blackmail , arson and murder are ways they try to take her down .
Blackmail arson , and attempted murder

Who is Patsy ?
Tom Grogan s ' daughter .
Tiny Tim s companion

What sets the story apart from other works of the time ?
The protagonist being a women gives another perspective on the working class struggles of the time .
The female protagonist works in dual male and female social roles .

What is the topic of the story , Tom Grogan ?
The life of workers in Staten Island , New York .
A study of the laboring life in Staten Island

What was Tom Grogan s occupation in the story ?
A stevedore .
study of laboring life

Who is Tom Grogan ?
A stevedore , who died of an injury .
a man who died who s wife assumed his identity

What does Tom Grogan s widow do ?
She runs his business under his name .
She conceals his deaty and assumes his identity .

What s the name of Tom s disabled daughter ?
Patsy
Patsy

Which one of Tom s daughters is having a love affair ?
Jenny
Jenny .

How does Tom Grogan s widow assume is identity ?
She conceals his death by saying he s sick in the hospital .
Her husband dies after an effects of an injury

