What is the name of Satan s personal gun ?
The Godkiller
Satan s personal gunis known as The Godkiller .

What is Stillwater ?
An abandoned prison in Louisiana
abondend Prison

How does John Milton end up riding with Piper ?
He sabotages her car .
He sabotages her car and promises to fix it in exchange for a ride to Stillwater .

What is The Accountant s mission ?
To bring Milton back to hell
The Accountant s mission is to take Milton back to Hell .

How does The Accountant trick two state troopers ?
He presents to be an FBI agent .
He tricks the troopers by pretending to be an FBI agent

What does The Godkiller have the power to do ?
Completely destroy one s soul so that it does not go to heaven or hell
have the power to destroy your soul preventing it from going to Heaven or Hell

What does Satan surprisingly despise ?
The sacrifice of innocent lives in his name
Sacrifices of innocents in his name

Who shoots Jonah King ?
Milton
Milton

How is Piper knocked out ?
By The Godkiller s recoil
Recoil

What is the most fun The Accountant has ever had ?
Chasing Milton
Chasing Milton is the most fun The Accountant has ever had .

What is King s motivation for sacrificing Milton s baby granddaughter ?
He will unleash Hell over Earth .
A Satantic ritual unleashed Hell on Earth

What is Satan s personal gun nicknamed ?
The Godkiller .
Satan s gun is named The Godkiller

How did Milton convince Piper to give him a ride to Stillwater ?
He sabotages her car and follows her to help fix it .
Offers to fix her car

Which supernatural operative is tasked with bringing Milton and the rifle back to Hell ?
The Accountant .
The Accountant

What is the Godkiller s power ?
It destroys the soul , preventing it from going to Heaven or Hell .
The Godkiller s power is to destroy a person s soul .

At the end of the story , what happens to the baby ?
Piper promises to care for and protect her .
Milton give the baby to Piper

Why does the Accountant help Milton defeat King ?
Satan despises the sacrifices of innocent lives in his name .
to save granddaughter

Why does King s female servant refuse to murder the child ?
She has cared for and grown attached to the child .
Every since King have kidnapped the baby female servant caring for child .

How does King Die ?
Milton shoots him with the Godkiller , destroying his soul .
Godkiller

What is the undead criminal s name ?
John Milton
John Milton ( Nicholas Cage )

What was the cult leader s name ?
Jonah King
The cult leader s name is Jonah King .

What was Satan s gun called ?
The Godkiller .
godkiller

Who was to be sacrificed for the satanic ritual ?
Milton s granddaughter
Milton s granddaughter

Where was the ritual to take place ?
Stillwater
In Stillwater inside a prison in Louisana

Who does Milton meet at the diner ?
Piper
Piper a waitress

Who s car does Milton steal ?
Frank s
Frank

Who is sent to take Milton back to hell ?
The Accountant
The Accountant is sent to take Milton back to Hell .

How was Milton originally killed ?
In a shoot out
He sacrificed himself to protect his daughter from his fellow companions .

