Why does the FBI want Lee away from the investigation ?
To avoid negative attention if something happens Lee .
the FBI is worried Lee s injury or death would result in bad international attention

How much is the ransom requested ?
70 million dollars
First 50 million dollars , then 70 million dollars .

What is the name of the main villian ?
Juntao
Juntao , also known as Griffin .

Who the bomb expert thatgets the vest off of Soo Yung ?
Tania Johnson
Tania Johnson .

Who turned out to be Juanto ?
Thomas Griffin
British Commander Thomas Griffin

What song is Lee singing when Carter gets on the plane ?
War
Edwin Starr s War .

Who kidnapped Soo Yung ?
Sang
Griffin

Where does Carter recognize Thomas Griffin from ?
A surveillance video .
a surveillance tape in Chinatown

Where does Han send Carter and Lee as a reward for their actions ?
Hong Kong
A vacation to Hong Kong .

Who was the person that made the detonator ?
Clive
Clive

Who is Inspecor Lee hoping to arest at the wharf ?
The crime lord Juntao .
the people who kidnapped the girl

What happens to Captain Hun s daughter shortly after arriving in the United States ?
She is kidnapped by Sang on her way to school .
she is kidnapped

Which law enforcement agency does Inspector Lee work for in Los Angeles ?
He works with the Los Angeles Police Department .
the LAPD

What happens during Carter and Lee s tour of Los Angeles ?
Lee escapes and makes his way to the Chinese consulate .
Lee escapes and goes to the Chinese Consulate

What happens when Carter makes his way to the Chinese Consulate ?
He sets up a ransom drop of $ 50 million for Soo Yung s return .
He is reprimanded by his boss

Who is responsible for building the detonator for the bomb that kills the FBI team ?
The detonator was built by Clive .
Clive

Where does Clive s information send Carter and Lee ?
To a restaurant in Chinatown .
A restaurant in Chinatown .

Who discovers the identity of Griffin ?
Carter does , because he saw a surveillance tape with Griffin earlier .
Lee

Who disables the vest attached to Soo Yung ?
LAPD bomb expert Tania Johnson
Johnson

What happens to Griffin after he is pursued by Lee ?
He falls from the top of the rafters to his death .
Griffin falls from the rafters and dies .

On the last day that Hong Kong was ruled by the British , , what did Detective Inspector Lee do ?
He leads a raid at a shipping wharf to arrest Juntao .
He led a raid at a shipping bar wharf hoping to arrest Juntao , but only managed to recover stolen treasures .

What happens to Han s daughter on her first day of school ?
Sang kidnaps Han s daughter .
She was kidnapped by Sang .

What does Carter arrange with Sang ?
Carter arranges a $ 50 million ransom drop in a few hours .
A ransom drop

Why does Clive give information about the restaurant to Lee and Carter ?
Lee is able to guilt trip Clive into giving him the information .
Lee guilt-trips him .

Why are Carter and Lee taken off the case ?
They are taken off the case because they interfered with the ransom drop and are blamed for the failed ransom drop .
because they ca n't get along

Where is the $ 70 million ransom drop to be delivered ?
The Los Angeles Convention Center where there is the opening of a Chinese art exhibition .
a Chinese art exhibit at the Los Angeles Convention Center

What happens when Lee falls , immediately after Griffin falls to his death ?
Carter is able to safely catch Lee with a large flag .
Carter uses a large flag to catch him

What type of reward does Han provide for Lee and Carter ?
He provides a vacation to Hong Kong for the both of them .
A vacation together in Hong Kong .

