How many assassins were killed by the Russian mobster ?
Two .
two

What does Yuri sell during the Lebanon war ?
Guns .
Guns

Who takes notice of Yuri s gun business ?
Interpol .
Jack Valentine

Where does Yuri purchase tanks and weapons ?
In Ukraine .
The Soviet Union .

Who demands Yuri to stop his business ?
Ava .
Ava

What is Andre s militia force going to destroy ?
A refugee camp .
A refugee camp

Who does Yuri marry ?
Ava .
Ava

What did U.S. Customs find in Vitaly s corpse ?
A bullet .
a bullet

What did Vitaly become addicted to ?
Drugs .
Cocaine

What does Ava do after she discovered Yuri s hidden supply of weapon activities ?
She leaves with her son .
She leaves with their son

Why does Yuri choose to enter the arms trade ?
Because he reasons people need guns as much as they need food .
To make money .

Who does Yuri convince to join him as a parter in the arms trade ?
His brother Vitaly .
Vitaly

What was Yuri s first big break in the arms trade ?
Selling weapons to both sides of fighters in the 1982 Lebanon War .
He sold guns to both sides of a conflict .

What happens to Yuri in the Colombia weapons trade ?
The buyer pays for the guns with cocaine , and when Yuri complains , he gets shot with one of his own pistols .
he s shot by a drug lord .

How is Vitaly also impacted by the Colombia sale ?
Vitaly gets addicted to cocaine , and runs away with a kilo of cocaine . He eventually goes to rehab .
He becomes addicted to cocaine,

What was Yuri s second big break in the arms trade ?
The dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
The dissolution of the Soviet Union

Why does Yuri use his uncle in the Soviet Union ?
To buy tanks and weapons from the Ukraine .
he is a former general

What happens during Yuri s sale to Andre Baptise Sr. in 2001 ?
Vitaly witnesses a woman and child hacked in half fleeing a refugee camp and pleads for Yuri to walk away . Yuri refuses .
Vitaly destroys one of the weapons trucks and kills Baptiste Jr .

What is the fallout to Yuri s weapon deals with Andre Baptise , Sr. ?
His wife discovers his weapons at home and abandons him , his parents disown him and a bullet discovered on Vitaly s body leads investigators to Yuri .
His brother is killed

What does Yuri compare the need for weapons to ?
the need for food
a necessary evil

What war gives Yuri his big break ?
the Lebanon War
Lebanon

What does Yuri reluctantly accept as payment in lieu of cash in Colombia ?
cocaine
6 kilos of cocaine

On what date did Mikhail Gorbachev resign ?
Christmas Day , 1991
Christmas Day 1991

In which country does Yuri buy illegal tanks ?
Ukraine
Ukraine

What country is Andre Baptiste Sr the dictator of ?
Liberia
Liberia

Why does Vitaly ask Yuri to walk away from the deal in Africa ?
He sees a refugee woman and child murdered by Baptiste s militia
He sees the militia hack a woman and child to death

How does Yuri escape arrest when Jack forces his plane to land ?
By handing all the weapons to the locals where he lands
he gives away his guns to locals outside the city

What currency does Yuri accept in Africa ?
diamonds
diamonds

Why does Ava leave Yuri ?
She finds out about his illegal arms dealings
She asked him to stop selling guns and he did not .

