What was King Schultz s previous occupation ?
Dentist
Dentist .

How does Django earn his freedom ?
By helping Schultz track down the Brittle brothers
He helped track down the Brittle Brothers

How does Schultz acquire Django from Dicky Speck ?
He buys him
He buys him from the Speck brothers .

Why does Schultz shoot and kill Candie ?
His repeated threats on Broomhilda s life .
Candie threatened to kill Broomhilde

How does Candie become aware of Schultz and Django s plans ?
His slave , Stephen figures out that Django and Broomhilde know each other .
He is alerted by his house slave Stephen .

Who kills Schultz ?
Butch pooch
Butch Pooch .

What does Stephen intend to be Django s fate after the death of his master ?
That Django would be sent to the mines and worked to death
To be sold to a mine and worked to death .

After escaping being sent to the mines , what did Django need to retrieve from the Candyland plantation along with Broomhilde ?
Broomhilde s freedom papers inside of Schultz s pocket ?
Broomhilde s freedom papers

What skill allow Schultz to convey his plans to Broomhilde covertly ?
She speaks German ?
He speaks German .

How does Django ' convince the men taking him to be sold to the mines that he is actually a bounty hunter ?
With the handbill from his first bounty kill
He shows them the handbill from his first bounty

Who is Django searching for ?
His wife , Broomhilda
His wife

Why does Dr Schultz want to team up with Django ?
He needs Django to identify the Brittle Brothers
Because Django can identify the Brittle brothers .

What does Dr Schultz do for a living ?
Bounty Hunter
Bounty hunter .

What happens to the Django-Schultz dynamic ?
Goes from Master and Slave to Master and Apprentice .
Schultz dies

What are Mandingo fights ?
It s a fight between 2 black slaves to the death
Wrestling matches where slaves are forced to fight to the death

Why do Schultz and Django visit Candie ?
Because Candie has Django s wife as a slave
To free Django s wife

How does Schultz convey the plans to Broomhilda ?
By speaking to her in German
In German

When does Schultz s and Django s plan fall apart ?
During a dinner party with Candie
When Stephen becomes suspicious of them

Who kills Candie s henchmen at the end ?
Django
Django .

Why does Schultz kill Candie ?
Because Candie threatened to kill Broomhilda after Schultz refused to shake Candie s hand
He threatened to kill Broomhilda .

How did Django deal with Stephen at the end of the story ?
He kneecapped him and then blew up the mansion with the incapacitated Stephen inside .
He kneecaps him .

Who did Django ride off into the sunset with at the end ?
He rode off with Broomhilda .
Hi wife , Broomhilda

What valuable information did Django and Schultz uncover when they traveled to Mississippi in 1859 ?
They learned the identity of Broomhilda s owner .
The identity of Broomhilda s owner .

Schultz offered Django his freedom in exchange for what service ?
Django would help him track down the Brittle brothers .
His help in identifying the Brittle brothers .

What was the name given to the brutal wrestling matches where the slaves fought to the death ?
They were called Mandingo fights .
Mandingo fights .

What made Butch Pooch kills Schultz ?
Schultz killed Candie with a concealed gun .
He killed Candie .

Where did Django find Broomhilda s freedom papers ?
In the pocket of the deceased Dr. Schultz .
In Shultz s pocket .

En route to the mine , what did Django show his escorts to convince them that he was a bounty hunter ?
Django showed them the handbill that Schultz had given him .
A good luck handbill from his first kill .

After Schultz was killed , why did Django surrender ?
He surrendered because Broomhilda was taken hostage .
Broomhilda was taken hostage .

What is the reason why Schultz felt so responsible for Django ?
Django was the first person that Schultz freed .
He is the first person he freed from slavery .

