The Lieutenant has how many children ?
Two
He has two children .

What drugs does the Lieutenant use ?
Cocaine , Crack , Alcohol , Heroin
Crack and heroin .

What sporting team does the Lieutenant bet for ?
Dodgers
dodgers

What crime is committed against the Nun ?
Rape
She is raped .

How much is the wager the Lieutenant unable to pay ?
$ 30,000
30,000

Which sports team wins the pennant while the Lieutenant hold the two rapist hostage ?
Mets
mets

What does the Lieutenant doe with the two rapist after freeing them ?
Puts them on a bus with a cigar box holding $ 30,000
Puts them on a bus with 30,000 dollars in a cigar box .

By what method is the Lieutenant killed ?
Gunshot
He is shot .

What sort of school does the Lieutenants children attend ?
Catholic
Catholic school .

The Lieutenant suffers from what two addictions ?
Drugs and Gambling
drugs and gambling

Is the Lieutenant a drug user ?
He uses drugs multiple times .
Yes .

What happens to the drugs that the Lieutenant puts in his pocket ?
They fall out of his pocket in front of his colleagues .
They fall out in front of coworkers .

Where do the Lieutenant s children go to school ?
They go to a Catholic school .
A Catholic school .

What did the Lieutenant do when he saw the crucified Christ ?
He begged for forgiveness of his crimes .
curses and the begs forgiveness

What did the nun say when the Lieutenant vowed to kill her attackers ?
That she had forgiven them .
She had forgiven them .

Why would n't the Lieutenant s friend place a bet on the game ?
His friend thought he would be killed by the bookie .
His friend fears that the bookie will kill him .

Who wins the pennant ?
The Mets .
Mets .

How much money does the Lieutenant give the two rapists ?
He gives them $ 30,000 .
$ 30,000

How does the Lieutenant die ?
He is shot twice .
he got shot

What are the last two words the Lieutenant hears ?
Hey , cop !
Hey Cop !

What does the Lieutenant do after he drops his kids at school ?
He takes a couple of bumps of cocaine and drives to a double murder scene .
Does drugs and heads to a crime scene .

After wandering away from crime scene what is the interaction that the Lieutenant has with a local drug dealer ?
The lieutenant gives the dealer a back of drugs and is told that the he will get the money from the sale of those drugs in a few days .
gives him drugs and smokes with him

What does the Lieutenant do after he give the drugs to the dealer ?
He goes to an apartment and gets drunk engaging in a threesome with a couple of women .
He gets drunk and has a threesome .

What happens in the community while the Lieutenant is engaged in his illicit activities ?
A num in the community gets raped by two men .
the nun is raped in a church by two young hoodlums

After stealing drugs from a crime scene , and having them fall from his pocket , what does the Lieutenant instruct his team to do ?
He tells them to enter them into evidence as part of a crime scene .
Enter them into evidence .

While visiting the hospital what does the Lieutenant learn about the rape of the nun ?
He learns that she was violated with a crucifix .
she offered grace to them

After leaving the hospital the Lieutenant runs into two girls driving illegally , how does he respond to this event ?
He uses the girls for sexual pleasure .
He instructs them to simulate felatio with each other .

The Lieutenant bet on a ball game and his team lost , how did he treat his car radio when the news came through ?
He shot out his car radio .
He shot the radio .

When the Lieutenant encounters the nun who was raped and vows to kill her attackers what is her response ?
the nun insists that she has forgiven her attackers and just wants to move forward .
she says that she has forgiven them and leaves

What does the Lieutenant do to the two rapists once he tracks them down and cuffs them ?
He give them his drug money and put them on a bus out of town .
Sends them away by bus .

