What is Nina Sayers ' occupation ?
Professional dancer .
Nina is a ballerina

What is the name of the season-opening show by the New York ballet company ?
Black Swan .
Swan Lake .

What does Lily offer to Nina at the restaurant to help her relax ?
Ecstasy .
ecstasy

What does Thomas tell Nina to do at home in order to give in to the sensuality of the Black Swan ?
To masturbate .
Thomas told her to go home and masturbate .

Who had Thomas assigned to take over for Nina as the Swan Queen ?
Lily .
Understudy

What does Nina realize when she removes a shard of mirror from her body ?
That she hallucinated the fight with Lily .
She stabbed herself .

What is Nina s mother doing in the crowd during the last scene ?
Crying .
weeping

What do Nina and Lily do at the apartment after Nina argues with her mother ?
They have sex together .
Have sex

How does Nina convince Thomas that she has the ferocity to play the Black Swan ?
She bites him him when they kiss .
she bites Thomas

What happens in the first act of the show to distract Nina ?
She has an hallucination .
She has a hallucination .

What does Nina Sayers do for a living ?
She is a professional ballet dancer .
Ballerina

Where does the story take place ?
New York City .
New York City .

What theater production is the New York Ballet Company preparing for ?
Swan Lake .
Swan Lake

Who does Nina live with ?
Her overprotective mother , Erica .
Her mother .

Who auditions for the lead role in the play ?
Nina Sayers .
Nina Sayers ( portrayed by Natalie Portman )

How does Nina s audition go ?
Nina auditions for the White Swan elegantly , but is unconvincing as the Black Swan .
Flawless

Who pushes Nina into a darker and more aggressive adaptation of the Black Swan ?
The company s director , Thomas Leroy .
Her director , Thomas Leroy ( portrayed by Vincent Cassel )

Who is Lily ?
Another dancer that Leroy instructs Nina to observe and learn from .
the understudy

What keeps mysteriously appearing on Nina s body ?
Unexplained scratches and blood .
scratches and blood

What do Nina and Lily violently struggle over in the dressing room ?
Who will play the part of the Black Swan .
lilys plans to play the black swan

Why is the dance company looking for a new principal dancer ?
the previous one was forced to retire
The original dancer was forced into retirement .

Where does Erica s daughter live ?
in NYC
New York

Which piece is the dance company planning to perform ?
Swan Lake
The Black Swan

When does Nina move into the dressing room that belonged to Beth ?
after Beth s car accident
after Beth has an accident

Which dancer is Nina encouraged to study ?
Lily
lily

Which of the two swans is Nina struggling to embody ?
the black one
The black one .

When did Nina realize she did not kill Lily ?
when Lily was in the dressing room to congratulate her after the performance
when lily congratulates her

How was Nina injured prior to the final act on opening night ?
Nina had stabbed herself
She stabbed herself .

What caused the hallucinations Nina began to have ?
ecstasy
Her obsession with the getting the lead role .

Who directed Nina s dance company ?
Thomas Leroy
Thomas Leroy

