Where does the ship first see the albatross ?
The Antartic waters
The Antarctic .

What happens to the albatross once it leads the ship out of the ice jam ?
the Mariner shot it
It is shot by the mariner

Why is the crew angry with the mariner ?
They believe the albatross brought the south wind that moved the boat out of the ice
for shooting the albatross

Why does the crew decide they ve angered the spirits ?
the south wind now sends them toward the still waters near the equator
because they are blown into unmoving water and suffer great thrist

What does the crew place around the neck of the Mariner ?
the albatross he shot
The albatross .

Who wins the lives of the crew members in the game of dice ?
death
Death

Why happens to the mariner in the game of dice ?
Lady Life in Death wins him , and he is forced to watch the crew die and continue to live on
He is given a fate worse than death

How does the mariner lose the albatross from around his neck ?
He begins to appreciate the beauty around him
The albatross falls from his neck while he is praying .

How does the Mariner steer the boat after losing the albatross ?
The crew rises up and helps him
He prays and the crew come back to life to help him steer .

What is the Mariner s penance for shooting the albatross ?
He has to wander the Earth , telling his story and being a lesson for everyone he meets .
The guilt ridden mariner has to tell his story to everyone he meets .

What animal appears to lead the ship out of the ice jam ?
An albatross
An albatross .

What does the mariner do when he sees the albatross ?
He shoots it with his cross bow
He shoots the bird .

What does the crew force the mariner to do as punishment for killing the albatross ?
Wear the dead albatross around his neck
wear its dead body around his neck

Who are the two characters that are playing dice for the crews ' and the mariner s souls ?
Death and Life-in-Death
Death and a woman called Life-in-Death

What action of the mariner s lifts the curse placed upon him ?
He shows appreciation for the sea creatures he initially cursed
Appreciating the Sea Creatures

What happens to the ship after the mariner spots his homeland in the distance ?
It sinks into a whirlpool
It is swallowed by a whirlpool

What is the mariner cursed to do for the rest of his life , as penance for shooting the albatross ?
To travel the world and tell his cautionary tale to others
Wander the earth and tell his story .

What happens when , after he is cursed by Life-in-Death and loses his crew , the mariner blesses the sea creatures and starts to pray ?
The albatross falls from his neck
The Albatross was taken from his neck and so was some guilt

Who rescues the mariner after his ship is taken by a whirlpool ?
A hermit , a pilot and the pilot s boy
a hermit

How does the wedding guest awaken the next morning after hearing the mariner s tale ?
He is a sadder and wiser man
Sadder and wiser .

What did the crew think the albatross brought that they initially interpreted as good fortune ?
A south wind
The South Wind

What invoked the wrath of the spirit mist that send the ship off course ?
The crime of killing the albatross
The mariner killing the albutross

What punishment did the crew give the mariner who shot the albatross ?
They made the mariner wear the dead albatross about his neck
To wear the albatross around his neck .

What did the mariner refer to as slimy things ?
The sea animals
Sea Creatures

Where did the ship get stuck ?
Near the equator
Uncharted waters near the equator

From what did the crew suffer while the ship was stationary ?
Thirst
thirst

Who did the hermit s boy think the mariner was when he was rescued ?
The devil
The Devil

What moral did the mariner want those who heard the story to learn ?
That all things should be loved
God made and loves all creatures .

What revived the bodies of the mariner s crew ?
Possession by good spirits
good spirits

What do Death and the Nightmare Life in Death use to decide who determines the fate of the mariner and crew ?
dice
DIce

