Who asks Sherlock Homes to investigate the death of Sir Charles Baskerville ?
Dr. James Mortimer
Dr. James Mortimer

Who is Selden to Mrs. Barrymore ?
A brother
her brother

Why did Stapleton take Sir Henry s boots ?
To give the hound Sir Henry s scent
To give the hound his scent .

Why did the hound mistake Selden for Sir Henry ?
Selden was wearing Sir Henry s clothes
because Selden was wearing Sir Henry s old clothes

How did Stapleton react when Miss Stapleton and Sir Henry fall in love ?
Stapleton is angry .
Stapleton became angry .

How is the hound made to look hellish ?
The hound is painted with phosphorus .
It was painted with phosphorus .

Whose initials are on the bottom of the burnt letter to Sir Charles ?
L.L .
Laura Lyons

What relation is Sir Charles to Stapleton ?
Cousin
uncle

What did Stapleton promise to Laura Lyons for her cooperation ?
Marriage
Marriage .

Who rescues Sir Henry from the hound ?
Holmes & Watson
Holmes and Watson .

Who s death does Dr. James Mortimer ask Sherlock Holmes to investigate ?
Sir Charles Baskerville .
Sir Charles Baskerville .

What is the name of the opera Holmes and Watson watch ?
Les Huguenots .
Les Huguenots

Sir Charles Baskerville is believed to have died how at the beginning of the story ?
Heart attack .
Heart attack

Who supposedly offered his soul to the Devil ?
Hugo Baskerville .
Hugo Baskerville .

What is believed to have killed Hugo Baskerville ?
A giant spectral hound .
a devil hound

How many brothers did Sir Charles Baskerville have ?
3
two

Where was Sir Rodger Baskerville believed to have died ?
South America .
In South America .

Sherlock Holmes ' apartment is on what street ?
Baker street .
Baker Street

Whom does Sir Henry fall in love with ?
Miss Stapleton .
Miss Stapleton

What where the initials on the burnt letter ?
L.L .
L.L .

Who hires Sherlock Holmes to investigate the death of Sir Charles Baskerville ?
Dr. James Mortimer hires Holmes to investigate Baskerville s death .
Baskerville s friend , James Mortimer .

Why is Mortimer suspicious of Baskerville s death not being a heart attack ?
Because Baskerville died with a look of pure horror on his face .
He died with an expression of horror on his face .

What have the Basekrville family been suffering under since the English Civil War era ?
The Baskerville family has been rumored to be suffering under a curse since the English Civil War .
A curse .

What does Watson find out at Baskerville Hall ?
That an escaped murderer named Selden is suspected in the area .
that Stapleton was Rodger Baskerville s son

What does watson hear during the night at Baskerville Hall ?
He hears the cry of a woman , suspected to be Mrs. Barrymore , but has no proof that it is .
a woman crying

Where do Watson and Sir Henry pursue Selden to ?
They pursue Selden out onto the moors .
The moor .

Who was the second man that was out on the moors the same time as Sir Henry and Watson ?
It was Sherlock Holmes , investigating the case independently .
Sherlock Holmes .

Whose scream do Holmes and Watson hear ?
They hear the scream of the murderer Selden , who fell to his death .
Selden .

What does Holmes discover at the Baskerville estate ?
That Mr. Stapleton resembles a Baskerville and that Stapleton could be an unknown Baskerville family member .
The resemblance between Stapleton and a portrait of Hugo Baskerville .

What does Holmes discover about the Hounds of the Baskervilles ?
They are perfectly normal mastiffs and bloodhounds painted with phosphorus to look deadlier .
it is one mixed breed large dog with phosphorous to make it glow

