What is Robin of Locksley s nationality ?
Robin is an Englishman .
English

Who did the nobelman Robin of Locksley join in the Third Crusade ?
Robin joined Richard the Lionhearted who is the King of England .
Richard the Lionheart

What is the name of Robin s comrade who is improsoned with him in Jerusalem ?
Robin s comrade is Peter Dubois .
Peter Dubois

Who is Marian s cousin ?
Marian s cousin is Richard the Lionhearted .
King Richard

Why does the Sheriff of Nottingham kill Guy of Gisbourne ?
The sheriff kills Guy because Guy fails to prevent the looting of several convoys passing through Sherwood Forest .
Failed to prevent looting

How does Friar Tuck kill the Bishop of Hereford ?
Friar Tuck burdens the Bishop with treasure and throws him out of the window .
throwing him out a window

What is The Bishop of Hereford s name ?
Harold Innocent is the Bishop s name .
Harold Innocent

What were the Ayyubid prison guards in Jerusalem planning to do to Robin ?
The prison guards planned to cut off Robin s hand .
Amputate his hand

In Jerusalem , how do Robin , Peter , and Azeem escape from prison ?
The three men escape through a sewer and climb up into an alley .
through a sewer

How is Will Scarlet kin to Robin of Locksley ?
Will and Robin are half brothers .
A younger bastard half brother

Before Peter Dubois dies , what promise does he ask Robin to make ?
To protect Peter s sister , Marian .
that he protect his sister , Marian

Why does Azeem the Moor promise to stay with Robin , even as he returns home to England ?
Robin saved Azeem s life at the prison in Jersusalem .
because Robin saved his life as he was escaping the prison in Jerusalem

Who is responsible for the death of Robin s father ?
The Sheriff of Nottingham .
the Sheriff of Nottingham s men

When Robin and his men rob soldiers they meet on the road , what do they do with the wealth they take ?
Give it to the poor .
they distribute it among the poor

When Robin gets the support of the local people , how does the Sheriff of Nottingham treat them ?
He mistreats them even more than ever .
horrible

What does the Sheriff of Nottingham do to Marian when she tries to send for help from France ?
He locks her up .
confines her

What does the Sheriff of Nottingham plan to do to the captured rebels at his wedding ?
He plans to have them hung .
execution by hanging

What agreement do Will Scarlet and the Sheriff of Nottingham make ?
Will agrees to help the Sheriff capture Robin in exchange for Will s freedom .
Will Scarlet will find and kill Robin

What does Robin learn about Will when he asks Will why he is angry with him ?
That Will is actually Robin s half-brother .
Will is Robin s illegitimate half brother

Who attacks Robin after his fight with the Sheriff of Nottingham ?
Mortianna , the witch .
Little John of the Merry Men

When Robin escapes from the prision in Jerusalem , who escapes with him ?
Peter and Azeem
Peter and Azeem

When Peter is shot by an archer , what is his dying request of Robin ?
To protect his sister Marian .
that Robin protect Marian , his sister

Who is Marian to Peter ?
His sister .
wife

Why is Azeem in life-long debt to Robin ?
Robin saves his life by helping him escape the prison in Jerusalem .
Because Robin saved his life .

In England , who rules the land while King Richard is away in France ?
The sherrif of Nottingham
The Sheriff of Nottingham

Why is Robin s father killed at Locksley Castle ?
Because he is still loyal to King Richard and will not join the Sherrif s men .
he refuses to join the Sheriff s men

When Robin escapes England under the cruel rule of the Sherrif of Nottingham , who is the leader of the band of outlaws he encounters in Sherwood Forest ?
Little John .
Little John

After Robin takes command of the band of outlaws in Sherwood Forest , what do they do ?
Rob convoys and soldiers who are travel through the forest and give the stolen goods to the poor people in the land .
They start training to defend themselves , planning to fight against Nottingham , and they also rob soldiers and convoys passing through the forest .

Who is Will Scarlet to Robin ?
His half-brother
half-brother

Who does Robin marry in the forest ?
Marian
Marian

