Who owns the house where the two priests live ?
Sophie Gamard
The spinster Sophie Gamard .

What is the age difference between Birotteau and Troubert ?
10 years
10 years

Where was Francois when Hyacinthe moved into his apartment ?
the country
In the country

Which of the two priests received furniture from someone who died ?
Birotteau
Birotteau

How did Gamard gain control over Birotteau s belongings ?
he signed a document giving her control if he left her home for an extended period
Birotteau signed over his belongings to Gamard s earlier .

What appointment did Francois want to receive ?
to the cathedral s canonry
Cathedral

Where was the parish Birotteau relocated to , according to the story ?
2 or 3 miles outside of Tours
He is relocated to a poorer parish , three miles out of Tours .

What happened after Francois ' friends stopped supporting him ?
he gave up on the idea of suing for his property
He is demoted to a poorer parish .

Who becomes the Vicar-General of the Tours diocese ?
Troubert
Troubert becomes the vicar-general .

Who owns the house where Birotteau and Troubert reside ?
Sophie Gamard .
Sophie gamard

How much older is Birotteau than Troubert ?
10 years older .
10 .

What is the name of the parish where Birotteau is the priest ?
Saint-Gatien de Tours .
Sainte-Gaiten Tours

Why did Birotteau lose his furniture and library ?
He failed to review the contract for his boarding and was away for a fortnight .
He sidnged a paper to Mile Gamard giving his possessions to him without clearly reading it .

Who winds up in Birotteau s vacant apartment ?
Troubert
Troubert ends up in Birotteau s vacant apartment .

Why is Birotteau unable to get his belongings back ?
His friends in the Tours aristocracy begin to withdraw their support and he is unable to file suit .
Trourbert now lives and owns his belongings

Where does Birotteau believe he will wind up once he gives up his room ?
The canonry of the Cathedral .
cathedral

Who s lawyer serves Birotteau with possession papers ?
Mlle Gamard .
landlady s lawyer

What type of person is Troubert ?
He is an ambitious and career driven .
Other worldly introspective gentle

Who becomes Bishop of Troyes ?
Troubert .
Hyacinthe Troubert

Who is the crabby spinster ?
Sophie Garnard
Sophie Gamard

Where are Abbe Francois Birrotteau and Abbe Hyacinthe Troubert priests ?
Tours
They are priests at Tours .

How are Birotteau and Troubert different ?
Birotteau is gentle while Troubert is ambitious
Troubert is ambitious , Birotteau is not .

What is Birotteau s pride ?
His library and furiture
His furniture and library .

Who takes over Birotteau s quarters when he goes away for a break ?
Troubert
Mlle Gamard

Who is demoted to a poorer parish ?
Birotteau
Birotteau

Who is promoted to vicar ?
Troubert
Troubert .

Who had Birotteau sign the document that forfeited his worldly goods ?
Sophie Garnard
Mile Gamard

Who serves Birotteau the possession order ?
His landlandy s lawyer
landlady s lawyer

Which priest is younger ?
Troubert
Troubert is younger .

