Why did Therese s father bring her to live with her aunt ?
Therese s mother died .
Her mother died .

Who is Madame Raquin s son ?
Camille
Camille .

How old was Therese when Madame Raquin married her to Camille ?
She was 21 .
21 years old .

What nationality was Therese s mother ?
Algerian .
Algerian

Why did the family move to Paris ?
So Camille could pursue a career .
So Camille can pursue a career

Who is Laurent ?
Camille s childhood friend .
A childhood friend of Camille and Therese s affair partner .

Why did Laurent begin an affair with Therese ?
She was lonely and he could not afford prostitutes .
He ca n't afford prostitutes

What makes Therese suggest killing Camille ?
Laurent s boss no longer lets him leave early so he and Therese can meet in private .
Her desire to be with Laurent

What happened to Madame Raquin after Camille s death ?
She suffered a stroke .
She had a stroke

How do Laurent and Therese die ?
They embrace and take poison .
They killed themselves with poison

What is the relationship between Therese and Laurent ?
Therese and Laurent are married , first cousins
At first , the two are in an affair , but later , husband and wife .

Why does Laurent take on a relationship with Therese ?
Laurent can not afford prostitutes anymore .
He falls in love with her

What impact does Camille s murder have on Laurent and Therese ?
The murder drives them insane
They are overcome with guilt and end up committing suicide .

How does Therese come to live with her aunt ?
Her mother dies and her father sends her to live with her aunt
Her father brings her .

Why is Camille so spoiled ?
Camille is sick , and his mother takes special care of him
Madame Raquin believes he is ill

Where does Camille decide to move the family ?
Paris
Paris

Why does Camille decide to move the family ?
Camille is looking for a career
So he can get a job

How do Therese and Laurent decide to deal with their growing discontent ?
Therese and Laurent plan to murder each other
Kill each other

How do Therese and Laurent commit suicide ?
They take poison
By taking poison .

What relationship existed between Therese and Camille , even before they were married ?
they are first cousins
They grew in the same household

How is the man Therese had an affair with connected to Camille ?
Laurent and Camille are friends
Laurent is Camille s childhood friend

How old was the sea-captain s daughter when she got married ?
21
21

Why did Laurent start an affair with his friend s wife ?
he did n't have money for prostitutes
He can not afford prostitutes

Which organization did Madame Raquin s son work for in the story ?
Orleans Railway Company
The Orleans Railway Company

Where did the lovers secretly meet ?
in Therese s room
In Therese s room .

What happened when Laurent drowned Camille ?
Camille bit his neck
Camille bit Laurent on the neck .

Why did his wife want to kill Camille ?
so she could continue seeing Laurent
So she could be with Laurent .

When did Therese s aunt have a stroke ?
after Camille died
After Cammille s death .

Which one of the main characters was still alive at the end of the story ?
Madame Raquin
Madame Raquin

