Who owns the Wellington newspaper ?
Major Carteret
Major Carteret

What is Major Carteret s wife s name ?
Olivia
Olivia

Who courts Clara ?
Tom Delamere
Ton Delamere .

What does William Miller do for a living ?
He is a physician
He s a physician .

What town did William Miller grow up in ?
Wellington
Wellington .

What is the relationship between Janet and Olivia Carteret ?
They are half-sisters
They are half-sisters .

Who was accused of murdering Polly ?
Sandy Campbell
Sandy Campbell .

Who did William Miller tell that stopped Sandy from being lynched ?
Old Mr. Delamere
tom delamere

Who really killed Polly ?
Tom Delamere
Tom Delamere

Who has recently been introduced to society ?
Clara
Clara

What historic event that happened in Wilmington , North Carolina in 1898 led to this story ?
The race riots- the rise of the white supremacist movement
race riots

Some call the event a massacre , but what does North Carolina s State Commission call it ?
A coup d'etat , overthrowing an elected government
Coup d'etat .

Why are Major Carteret and the other powerful white men angry at the beginning of the story ?
An editorial in a black paper that asks questions about the validity of lynchings
an editorial published in a black newspaper about lynchings

While Carteret is dealing with the unrest due to the article what struggle is he facing at home ?
Both his wife , Olivia , and his daughter , Dodie are extremely sick
His child and wife are unwell .

Clara , Carteret s niece , has the attention of which two men ?
Tom Delamere , and Lee Ellis
Tom Delamere and Lee Ellis .

Where did William Miller get his medical education ?
Paris and Vienna
Paris and Vienna .

Who is William Miller s wife ?
Olivia Carteret s illigitimate half sister Janet
janet

Who murdered Polly Ochiltree ?
Tom Delamere , although he is never caught
Tom Delamere

What is the purpose of the revolution Major Carteret , Captain McBain , and General Belmont conspire to cause ?
To get the Republicans out of office and prevent the blacks from voting
Keep blacks from participating in elections .

What causes Carteret to respect William Miller ?
Miller saves Dodie s life
To save Dodie .

What is this story a fictional account of ?
The race riots in Wilmington , North Carolina .
the rise of whitesupremacy

What happened during these race riots ?
Whites killed blacks and overthrew the government in the county .
murder , massacre , and killing of blacks

Who is Major Carteret ?
A white owner of the Wellington newspaper , who plots to take back control of the town .
The white owner of the major Wellington newspaper .

Who are the two men courting Clara ?
Tom Delamere and Lee Ellis .
Tom Delamere and Lee Ellis .

Who is William Miller ?
A black physician who moves back to Wellington to practice medicine .
A physician .

How are William Miller and Major Carteret related ?
William is the husband of Janet , Olivia Carteret s half-sister , and Olivia is married to Major Carteret .
brother in law

What is Josh Green s motivation in the story ?
To seek revenge against Captain McBane , the man who murdered his father .
getting revenge for the murder of his father

Who is Sandy Campbell ?
A woman accused of killing Polly Olichtree unjustly .
A servant .

Who saves Sandy s life from lynching and burning ?
Lee Ellis and old man Tom Delamere , when Miller brings forth evidence .
William Miller

What do Captain McBane , Major Carteret and General Belmont do the night of the elections ?
They start a revolution , overthrowing the Republicans from power and keeping blacks from voting .
overthrow the republican party

