Where did Franky still the diamond from ?
Antwerp
Antwerp

What organization did Boris the Blade use to work for ?
The KGB
the KGB

Why does Mickey agree to the boxing match ?
Turkish agrees to buy a caravan for Mickey s mother
To avoid trouble after Brick Top burns down his mother s caravan while she is asleep inside

What round is Mickey supposed to get knockout in ?
The 4th round
The fourth round .

Who orders Franky to be kidnapped ?
Boris
Boris

Why did Mickey agree to fight again after initially refusing ?
Brick Top burned down Mickey s mother s caravan and killed her
To avoid more people being killed

Why is Turkish afraid that Mickey wo n't make it to the 4th Round ?
Because Mickey is drunk
He got very drunk after his mother s wake .

Why were Sol and Vinny arrested ?
The police found the bodies of Franky and Tony in their car
Police found Franky and Tony s body in their car

Why did Turkish and Tommy take the dog to a vet ?
Because it swallowed a squeaky toy
To obtain a squeaky toy it had swallowed

Who gets robbed of their savings ?
Turkish
Turkish

Who does Boris hire to rob Franky ?
Vinny and Sol
Vinny and Sol

Where do Turkish and Tommy find the diamond ?
Inside Vinny s dog
In Vinny s dog s stomach .

What did Franky steal ?
A large diamond
A diamond .

Why did Tony crash his car ?
Milk splattered on Tony s windshield
As a result of a carton of milk being thrown at his windshield

Who killed Franky with a revolver ?
Boris
Boris .

Why did Brick Top Rob Turkish of his savings ?
Because Mickey did not throw the fight as Turkish promised .
Because he was infuriated

Where does Franky go to get a gun ?
From Boris The Blade
An ex-KGB agent called Boris the Blade .

What did Franky do to get a revolver ?
He agreed to place a bet for Boris .
He went to Boris The Blade .

Why does Avi fly to London ?
To get the diamond from Franky personally .
Because Avi accidentally killed Tony

Why does Mickey refuse to fight after the initial rounds with Brick Top s fighter ?
He wants a better caravan for his mother .
He wants a better caravan for his mother

Where does franky four fingers goes ? and to see whom ?
franky four fingers goes to london to see diamond dealer doug he head
To London , to see Doug The Head .

Who flies to london to receive the diamond and why ?
avi flies to london because he knows franky s gambling problem
Franky to see Doug

Who was mudered with a pistol and why ?
franky was murdered with a pistol for diamonds
Franky

Who got killed unintentionally what happened to the diamond ?
tony got accidently killed and the dog swalloed the diamond
Tony , diamond is in the dog s stomach

Whose bodies were found in the car ?
tony and frankys bodies were found in the car
Franky and Tony s

For whom the caravan was bought ?
mickeys mother
Mickey s mother

Who got killed and wounded by Tony ?
boris got killed and he wounded Tyrone
Boris killed , Yyrone was wounded

Who realised in the pub that the pistols are replicas and what did they do ?
tony and avi realised that the pistols are replicas and they gave them handguns
Tony , who uses his own real handgun to scare Sol , Vinny , and Tyrone away

How much time is given to get the diamond back ?
time of 48 hours is given
48 hours .

