Which part of the US sinks below sea level ?
The Gulf Coast .
The gulf coast

How many people die when the sea floods the new lowlands ?
14 million people .
Fourteen million people .

What is Missouri considered ?
A second California .
A second California

When does the east land of the Kiowa Fault start slipping downward ?
Summer of 1973 .
summer of 1973

What does the state of Wyoming become known as ?
A new Riviera .
A new Riviera .

Which direction were people fleeing to ?
Eastward .
The Ozarks

What does Minnesota lose ?
Its Arctic winters .
it s cold winters

Which state is completely gone ?
Oklahoma .
Oklahoma

How big is the new inland sea ?
The size of the Mediterranean .
almost as big as the Mediterranean

What did the Ozarks become ?
An archipelago .
an archipelago

What is the name of the fault in Colorado that geologists learned was a part of a bigger fault system ?
the Kiowa fault
Kiowa Fault

In what year did the fault start to slip downward ?
1973
1973

What was the first major effect of the fault slipping downward in 1973 ?
rivers flooding
Major rivers of the reason flood the lowlands

What happened to the governor of Kansas ?
He died with the rest of his state .
He gets wiped out .

What does the state of Missouri eventually become ?
the second California
second California

How big is the new water mass in the middle of the United States ?
As big as the Mediterranean sea
almost as big as the Mediterian

How far does the new fault system run ?
From Texas to the Canadian-US border .
From Texas to Canada

Along what mountain range does the new fault travel ?
The Rocky Mountains .
The Rockies .

What state is completely lost ?
Oklahoma
Oklahoma

How far does the new sea stretch ?
From the Texas Panhandle to North Dakota .
Texas to North Dakota

Which States are lost during the flooding of the new lowlands ?
Oklahoma , the Dakotas , Kansas , Nebraska , and Arkansas
Oklahoma , North and South Dakota , Arkansas , Kansas , and Nebraska

What affect does the new waterway have on the weather of the midwest ?
The new waterway moderates the climate similar to the other coastal regions of the US .
The climate improves .

How many people perish due to the massive flooding ?
14 million
14 million

Which state looses its governor as well as all its land to the flooding ?
Kansas
Oklahoma

What are examples of the commercial benefits to the new waterway created from the sinking land ?
It is used as a shipping channel , for trade and commercial fishing .
new climate improves vegetation and fishingillinoid

How does the political fallout affect the nation ?
The states that retained even a sliver of land demand full representation in congress .
states demand full representation in Congress

How big is the inland sea ?
The size of the Mediterrean
almost as big as the Mediterian

Which part of the US sinks below sea level ?
The Gulf Coast from Florida to Lake Pontchartrain
The gulf coast

Who came to understand the Kiowa Fault and when ?
geologists in the 1960s
geologists in the mid 1960 s

