What happens to Wayne manner after Bruce Wayne is declared dead ?
The manor becomes an orphanage .
becomes an orphanage

What happens to the wealthy people in their trials with Dr. Jonathan Crane ?
They are sentenced to death .
They are sentenced to death .

What motivated Selina Kyle to help Phillip Stryver ?
Selina wanted her past crimes removed .
She wants a clean slate -- no trace of herself online

What is the relationship between Tate and al Ghul ?
Daughter and Father
She is al Ghul s daughter

How did Bane find a copy of Gordon s speech ?
Gordon had it on him when Gordon was brought captive to Bane .
He has him searched and it is found

What does Miranda Tate do to betray Bruce Wayne after she takes over Wayne Enterprizes ?
Tate leads Wayne into Bane s trap .
She stabs him .

Why did Talia al Ghul use the name Miranda Tate ?
Talia wanted to hid who her father was .
To keep people from knowing she is Raj al Ghul s daughter .

Who returns in the Batpod to save Batman from Bane ?
Seline Kyle
Selina Kyle

Who is the successor to batman and finds the Batcave at the end of the story ?
Blake
Blake

Where is Bruce Wayne living at the end of the story ?
Florence
Florence

What did the Dent Act grant ?
Powers for the Gotham City Police Department to eradicate organized crime
It gave the police the power to get rid of organized crime .

Who was Bruce Wayne s childhood sweetheart ?
Rachel Dawes
Rachel Dawes

Selina sold Wayne s fingerprints in exchange for what ?
A clean slate
For a clean slate , having all trace of her removed from the internet

What was found with Gordon after a search was done ?
His resignation speech
His resignation letter

In which place did Bane and his men attack and use Wayne s fingerprints ?
The Gotham Stock Exchange
The Gotham stock exchange

Why did Alfred resign ?
To try to convince Wayne to stop being Batman .
He was trying to get Bruce to move away from being Batman

Why did Wayne discontinue the fusion reactor project ?
He learned that the core could be weaponized .
The core could be turned into weapons .

What did Bane want the reactor core to be converted into ?
A nuclear bomb .
a bomb

What did Talia do with the reactor chamber ?
She flooded and destroyed it remotely .
She flooded it .

What did Wayne Manor become after the presumed death of Bruce Wayne ?
An orphanage .
an orphanage

Who did Bruce Wayne initially presume to be Ra s al Ghul s child , born in the prison ?
Bane .
Bane

Why did Bruce Wayne shut down the fusion reactor project ?
Because he feared that he reactor would be turned into a weapon .
He learned the core could be weaponized .

Which character tries to convince Batman to leave Gotham City to its own fate ?
Selina Kyle .
Kyle .

Who wrote the speech Bane gave about Harvey Dent ?
James Gordon .
James Gordon

Who does Miranda Tate reveal herself to be ?
Ra s al Ghul s daughter , Talia al Ghul .
Talia al Ghul .

Where do the Gotham City police become trapped while Bane kills the Mayor ?
In tunnels under the city .
underground

Who promotes Officer Blake to detective ?
James Gordon .
Gordon .

What is the name of the prison Bane releases the inmates from ?
Blackgate Penitentiary .
Blackgate Penitentiary .

What is the purpose behind Alfred Pennyworth retiring ?
To prompt Bruce Wayne into moving on with his life .
To stop Bruce from being batman .

Who does Selina Kyle sell Bruce Wayne s fingerprints to ?
Phillip Stryver , an assistant to a business rival of Bruce Wayne s .
Phillip Stryver

