What does Jeff do for a living ?
Jeff is a professional photographer .
Photographer

Why is Jeff confined to a wheelchair ?
Jeff broke his leg while taking photos of a racetrack accident .
he broke his leg while photographing

Who is Lisa ?
Lisa is Jeff s girlfriend .
She is Jeff s girlfriend .

Who is Stella ?
Jeff s nurse who comes to check on him frequently .
jeff s insurance company s nurse

What does Jeff believe he witnesses Mr. Thorwald do ?
He believes that Mr. Thorwald killed his bedridden wife .
Killing his wife .

Who does Jeff tell about the suspected murder ?
Lisa , Stella , and his detective friend , Tom Doyle .
His girlfriend and his nurse

Who does Jeff believe killed the neighbors dog ?
Mr. Thorwald .
thorwald

How is Lisa saved from Thorwald ?
The police arrive and arrest her .
jeff calls police

Who attacks Jeff in his apartment ?
Mr. Thorwald .
Thorwald

Why is Jeff in a wheelchar ?
He broke his leg
He broke his leg .

Who is known as Miss Lonelyhearts ?
Miss Torso
A single middle age neighbor lady

Who is observed leaving Jeff s apartment ?
Thorwald
Nobody is observed leaving Jeff s apartment .

What is Jeff convinced Thorwald has done ?
Murdered his wife
Murdered his wife

Why is Jeff s neighbor yelling ?
His dog is dead
Because someone killed his dog .

What do Lisa and Stella find digging up the flowers ?
Nothing
Nothing .

Why is Stella heading towards the police station ?
To post bail
To post Lisa s bail .

How does Jeff blindside thorwald ?
With camera flashes
Flashing his camera bulbs

Who saves Jeff as he is thrown out of the window ?
Police
The police .

What is Lisa reading in the end ?
Beyond the High Himalayas
beyond the himilayas

What accident caused Jeff Jeffries to need a wheelchair ?
He broke his leg photographing a racing accident at a racetrack .
a leg break

To whose rear window does the title refer ?
Jeff Jeffries s rear window in his Greenwich Village apartment .
L.B . Jeff Jefferies

What is Lars Thorwald s occupation ?
He is a traveling jewelry salesman .
Traveling Salesman

What does Jeff ask Lisa to do in order to gain more evidence that Thorwald has killed his wife ?
Jeff asks Lisa to slip a note under Thorwald s door accusing Thorwald of murder , so he watch Thorwald s reaction when he reads it .
Slip a note accusing Thorwald of murder under his door .

How does Thorwald know Jeff is involved with Lisa in the apartment break-in ?
Thorwald sees Lisa signalling someone and notices Jeff looking across the courtyard .
Thorwald notices Lisa signal to Jeff across the courtyard

What does Jeff do to try and stop Thorwald when Throwald storms into Jeff s apartment ?
Jeff sets off his camera s flashbulbs , hoping to blind Thorwald .
try to flash him with camera bulbs

How does Thorwald attempt to silence Jeff ?
Thorwald pushes Jeff out of an open window .
a text message

What happened to Thorwald s wife ?
Thorwald murdered her .
He killed her .

Why does Jeff believe the dog was killed ?
He thinks that Thorwald broke its neck to keep it from digging up evidence of the murder Thorwald hid in the flower bed .
to prevent it from digging up evidence buried in the flowerbeds

