What is the name of the company in which Gennaro s clients have invested ?
InGen
InGen

Who invites Grant and Sattler to Costa Rica ?
Hammond
the lawyer , Gennaro

Which two creatures helped to make the cloning process possible ?
mosquitoes and frogs
Mosquitoes and frogs .

How was breeding of the cloned dinosaurs supposed to be prevented ?
all the clones were female
By making all dinosaurs female .

Where was Tim s grandfather while he toured the park with Lex ?
in the park s control room
The control room .

Who does Sattler remain with when the tropical storms approaches the Park ?
the veterinarian
The veterinarian .

Why was the tour not a success ?
the dinosaurs did not appear
No dinosaurs appear

Which Park employee s actions led to the death of Gennaro ?
Nedry
Ray Arnold

How were the cloned dinosaurs able to breed ?
the frog DNA used to create them came from a type of frog that can switch sexes
Their frog DNA

What populates the island of Jurassic Park ?
Cloned Dinosaurs .
Dinosaurs

What is Jurassic Park ?
A dinosaur inhabited theme park .
A dinosaur theme park containing real cloned dinosaurs .

Who creates Jurassic Park ?
John Hammond and his bio-engineering company , InGen .
John Hammond and his bioengineering company .

What takes place before the parks investors demand that the park be certified for safety ?
One of the park workers is killed by one of the dinosaurs .
A worker is killed by a raptor

Who joins the team of experts for a tour of the park ?
Hammond s grandchildren .
Lex and Tim Murphy .

How do the bio-engineers keep the dinosaurs from breeding on Jurassic Park ?
They ensure that all of the cloned dinosaurs are female .
all were female

Who is responsible for disabling the park s security code ?
Dennis Nedry .
Dennis Nedry

Why does Nedry disable the security system ?
To steal a dinosaur embryo .
To get access to the storage room .

Who pays Nerdy to steal the embryo ?
By Dodgson , a corporate rival to Hammond .
Dogson .

What happens to Nerdy after he steals the embryo ?
He is killed by a Dinosaur .
He is killed by a dinosaur .

Where is the theme park Jurassic Park located ?
Isla Nublar
Isla Nublar

Who created Jurassic Park ?
John Hammond
John Hammond .

What animal s DNA was used to fill in the gaps from the dinosaur genome ?
Frog DNA
Frogs

Why were all the dinosaurs made female ?
To prevent breeding .
To prevent breeding

Why were the dinosaurs able to breed ?
The frog DNA enabled them to switch genders
Because they could switch to another sex .

The group encounters a sick dinosaur . What kind of dinosaur was it ?
Triceratops
Triceratops .

Who was bribed by Dodgson to steal dinosaur embryos ?
Dennis Nedry
Dennis Nedry , the computer programmer .

How does the group escape when they are cornered by raptors at the end of the story ?
The Tyrannosaurus appears and attacks the raptors .
They escape when the T-rex attacks the raptors

What is Hammond s relationship with Lex and Tim Murphy ?
He is their grandfather
He is their grandfather .

Who first deacitivates the park s security system ?
Dennis Nedry
Nedry

