What type of unknown element is part of the comet s colloidal dust ?
Transuranic
A transuranic element that weakens metal surfaces .

Who comes up with a way to get machinery working again ?
Ken s father
Ken s father .

What two factors decrease the Mayfield population ?
marauder attack and flu epidemic
A failed attack by marauders and a flu epidemic .

With whom do Ken and his friends intend to share the discoveries they ve made ?
Ham radio operators
Ham radio operators .

From where does a crucial clue originate that helps Ken s father devise a decontamination method ?
Berkeley
Berkeley

What tragedy befalls the college near the end of the story ?
It s burned by a mob
The college is burnt down by a mob .

Why was it necessary to start rationing in Mayfield ?
The town was cut off and could n't get new supplies
Because they are cut off from the outside world and there will be food shortages .

What did Ken think would get the comet s dust out of the atmosphere ?
Ultrasound
Ultrasound

What becomes weakened by colloidal dust ?
Surface tension of metals
Metal surfaces .

What was Mayfield planning to use as fuel during winter ?
Wood
wood

Where does the story take place ?
In a town called Mayfield .
Mayfield .

What event causes all of the machines to malfunction and stop working ?
The Earth enters the tail of a comet .
comet

Who decides to begin testing the affects of the comet on the Earth s atmosphere ?
High school student , Ken Maddox , his friends from the science club , and his father who teaches Chemistry at a local college .
Ken Maddox and his friends in Mayfield high school science club

What happens to the town of Mayfield when Ken and his friends begin testing the affected metal ?
Mayfield is closed off from the rest of the world .
Civilization crumbles and the radio ceases to work

What does Ken help with to prepare for the coming winter ?
A wood-cutting team .
Cutting wood .

Who does the science team come in contact with from outside Mayfield ?
Other citizens from all over the country .
Ham radio operators .

How does the science team contact others outside of Mayfield ?
By using ham radios .
By radio

Who burns down the college ?
A mob mobilized by fanatics .
A mob .

What wipes out a significant amount of Mayfield s population ?
A flu epidemic .
A flu epidemic .

Who creates a compound that will dis-contaminate the metal surfaces ?
Ken s father .
Ken s father .

What causes all of the machinery on Earth to seize up and stop working ?
The comet s tail reacts with the metals , causing the medals to cold weld themselves together .
Its moving parts are cold welded together

What do Ken and his friends do when faced with the problem of machinery seizing up ?
They head to the local college to investigate the fused metal .
They figure out the cause and then a solution .

What are Ken and the scientists looking for in their studies ?
Anything that explains the phenomenon they are experiencing .
The cause of the cold welding phenomenon

What does a spectroscopic look through a telescope reveal ?
That the comet is indeed the cuplrit in the cold welding of all of the machinery .
The comet is the source of the trouble .

How does Ken and crew figure outto stop the spread of the comets tail from affecting machinery ?
Ken s father devises a compound that will decontaminate metal surfaces .
Ken realizes he can use ultrasound to cause the comet dust to coagulate and fall out of the atmosphere .

What decimates the population of Ken s town ?
An attack by marauders and a bout of the flu .
cut off from rest of world

What is Ken s solution to the comet s tail dust to fall out of the atmosphere ?
Ken proposes sing an ultrasound to coagulate the comet dust to fall out of the atmosphere .
an ultrasound

