Why does Theodore Racksole purchase the Grand Babylon Hotel ?
To get Nella what she wants because her order of Steak and Beer was refused .
Nella s food order of steak and Bass beer is refused .

What does Racksole witness the head waiter , Jules , doing to Reginald Dimmick ?
Racksole witnesses the head waiter , Jules , winking at Reginald Dimmick .
He winks at her .

What does Racksole do to Jules for as soon as he sees what happen between Jules and Dimmick ?
Racksole Dismisses Jules .
He orders Jules out of the hotel .

What happens to Miss Spencer right after Jules is dismissed ?
Miss Spencer Disappears .
She took her things and left .

What is wrong with Prince Eugen ?
Prince Eugen is missing .
he has been abducted

What happens to Dimmick , after it is established that Prince Eugen never arrived to the Great Babylon Hotel ?
Dimmick s Body turns up and he appears to have been poisened .
his body is found

What secret object can be used to monitor the guests in the ballroom ?
A secret window .
The secret window .

Who does Racksole catch looking through the window ?
Jules the waiter .
Jules

What happens to make Nella follow Miss Spencer ?
Miss Spencer tries to check into the hotel under a false name , while Nella has been told the hold story by Prince Aribert .
Miss Spencer checked into the hotel in disguise then suddenly checked out .

What happens to Nella as a result of following Miss Spencer to the house in Ostend ?
Nella learns the truth about Jules , and Miss Spencer , she is also overpowered by Miss Spencer .
She is overpowered and loses consciousness .

How much does Racksole spend to buy the hotel ?
400,000 pounds and a guinea
E400,000

Who travelled under the fake name of Count Steenbock ?
Prince Aribert
Prince Aribert

What incident causes Racksole to buy the hotel ?
His daughter was unable to get her order at the restaurant .
his daughter s order is refused

What was the false name of the headwaiter who was fired ?
Jules
Jules

Who promises to support Aribert ?
Nella
Nella

What is the name of the hotel the characters stay at ?
Grand Babylon Hotel
Grand Babylon Hotel .

Where does Nella go while following Miss Spencer ?
Ostend .
Into a house in Ostend .

Who was a captive in the house where Miss Spencer leads Nella ?
The Prince Eugen
Prince Eugen

To whom does the Emporer send a telegram asking about Prince Eugen ?
Aribert
Aribert .

Who was poisoned and then disappeared ?
Reginald Dimmock
Dimmock .

At what exclusive hotel are Theodore and his daughter staying ?
The Grand Babylon Hotel .
The Grand Babylon Hotel

What does Theodore throw on top of his purchase price to make the hotel seller feel good ?
A guinea .
a guinea

What prompts Theodore to purchase the hotel ?
His dughter is refused dinner .
his daughter s request is refused

How is Dimmok killed ?
Poison .
Poison .

Who hosts the ball in the Gold Room at the hotel ?
Mr. and Mrs. Sampson Levi .
Mr. and Mrs. Sampson Levi

Who does Racksole observe at the ball ?
Jules .
Jules

Where was Prince Eugen last seen ?
Ostend .
Ostend

Who does Nella suspect Baroness Zerlinski to really be ?
Miss Spencer .
Miss Spencer , the hotel clerk

What is Jules ' real name ?
Tom Jackson .
Tom Jackson

In what city would Prince Eugen have prevented Jackson s scheme ?
London .
Ostend

