What year is the story taking place ?
2008
2008

Why is Gekko estranged from his daughter Winnie ?
Winnie blames him for the suicide death of her brother , Rudy .
Because her brother committed suicide .

Why is Louis Zabel s bailout of his company blocked by the rival firm Churchill Schwartz ?
Louis Zabel had previously refused to bailout Churchill Schwartz at their time of need .
Zabel would n't bail them out 8 years before .

What is Jacob Moore s goal in the story ?
To raise funds for a fusion research project that will create clean energy for the world .
To fund fusion research and be with Winnie .

How did Jake end up working for Bretton James , head of the rival firm , Churchill Schwartz ?
Bretton James liked Jake s ambition when Jake spread rumors about Churchill Schwartz , causing it to lose $ 120 million .
His first boss killed himself

Why did Jake buy a ticket for Gekko at the fundraiser he and Winnie attended ?
Jake was hoping that Gekko and Winnie would reconcile their differences .
To repair Jekko and Winnie s relationship

Once Bretton betrayed Jake , how did Gekko help Jake ?
Gekko convinced Jake to sign over Winnie s trust fund account to him and he would invest it into the fusion research project .
Gekko used the trust fund to fund the research .

How does Gekko betray his daughter again ?
Gekko steals the money from the trust fund to use for his own profit .
He skipped the country with her $ 100 million .

What does Jake do to seek revenge for Zabel s death and Bretton s betrayal ?
Jake gives Winnie the whole story from the collapse of Zabel s firm to Bretton s financial indiscretions and she runs it on her news website .
spreads rumors about the nationalization of the Equitorial Guinea oil field

How does Gekko get back into the good graces of Winnie and Jake ?
Gekko anonymously deposits $ 100 million into the fusion research account .
he deposits $ 100 million into fusion research

How does Zabel kill himself ?
by jumping in front of a train
He jumped in front of a subway train .

Why does Jake try to mend the relationship between Winnie and Gekko ?
So Gekko will help get the goods on Bretton .
Gekko agrees to get revenge for Zabel s suicide in return

What does Bretton do after the company loses $ 120 million ?
offers Jake a job .
Offers Jake a job

What experience does Gekko and Bud Fox have in common ?
Both were in jail .
They both served time in jail .

Why does Winnie blame Gekko for everything that went wrong ?
Her brother Rudy s suicide .
Her brother had died from drug use .

How does Gekko betray Winnie and Jake ?
By leaving with their 100 million dollars
He used them for money

What does Jake proposed as an offer to Gekko to get their money back ?
visitation with his grandson
Gekko can be a part of his grandsons life

Where does Gekko run off to ?
London
London

When Winnie runs the story who is exposed ?
Bretton James
Bretton James

What does Gekko tell Jake and Winnie when he reappears ?
he anonymously returned the money
He deposited the money anonymously .

Why was Gordon Gekko serving time in prison ?
He was serving time in prison for insider trading .
Insider trading and securities fraud .

What is Gekko trying to warn people is going to be coming ?
He is trying to warn people of the impending economic downturn .
economic crash

What happens to Keller Zabels Investments in the economic downturn ?
They lose more than half of their value .
It loses half of it s value

Why did Keller Zabel s collapse happen , according to Gekko ?
There were rumors the compay had toxic levels of debt .
Rumors had spread about the company having bad debt .

What deal do Gekko and Jacob come to ?
That Jacob will help Gekko heal the rift with his daughter while Gekko works to collapse Bretton James career .
Jake entrusted $ 100 million to Gekko to save the fusion company .

What does Gekko learn from Winnie ?
That Winnie blames Gekko for everything that went wrong in her life , including her brother s suicide .
Why she blames him .

Why does Winnie sign over her $ 100 million trust fund to Jacob ?
He had a stock tip that it would be smart to invest in fusion engines as opposed to solar .
She wants to fund research and save the company

Where does the $ 100 million dollars wind up ?
The $ 100 million winds up in Gekko s hands .
funding Jekko s company .

What trade does Jacob propose to Gekko ?
Winnie would get the money Gekko stole from her and Gekko would get to be part of his grandchild s life .
give Winnie her money back and Gekko can be part of his grandson s life

What happens after Winnie posts a story critical of Keller Zabel s collapse ?
The story goes big and Bretton James is exposed as the mastermind behind the collapse , sending investors fleeing from his company .
Investors abandoned Bretton James and went to Gekko .

