Where does her mother take Mademoiselle de Chartres to seek a husband ?
the court of Henri II
To the court of Henry II

Why do the best marriage prospects withdraw their interest from Mademoiselle de Chartres ?
old jealousies against a kinsman spark intrigues against her
Due to old jealousies against a kinsman of the Mademoiselle

Who does Mademoiselle de Chartres truly fall in love with ?
Duke de Nemours
Duke de Nemours

Where does ( the new ) Princess de Cleves meet her lover ?
her salon
the story does not say where she initially met the duke , but having met after her wedding , they occasionally visit in her salon

What is found in the dressing room of one of the estates that causes strife between the characters ?
a letter from a spurned mistress to her paramour
A letter .

Who tricks the Princess de Cleves to reveal the identity of her lover ?
her husband
her husband , the Prince de Cleves

How does the Prince de Cleves die ?
illness
either from illness , or a broken heart

What does the Princes de Cleves do instead of marrying the Duke de Nemours ?
enters a convent for part of each year
Enters a convent .

What happens to the love of the Duke de Nemours for the Princes de Cleves several years after she begins entering the convent ?
it fades
It fades away

Who does the Prince de Cleves blame for his illness and coming death ?
the Duke de Nemours
Duke de Nemours

Why was Mademoiselle de Chartres taken by her mother to the court of Henri II ?
to find a husband with money and a social standing
to seek a husband

Why does the Prince de Cleves die ?
he becomes ill ( either from actual illness or a broken heart )
A broken heart or his illness

Why does the best marriage prospects fail for the Princess while at Henri II s court ?
because of old jealousies and arguments amongst countrymen
old jealousies against a relative spark gossip against her

What happens once the Princess is free to pursue her dreams and her heart ?
she is torn between what everyone expects and love
Torn between duty and love , she chooses to enter a convent

How does the prince de Cleves find out that the Princess is in love with another man ?
he has a servant to spy on her
He gets the Princess to confess .

When does the Princess meet the Duke De Nemours ?
after her wedding to the prince de Cleves
After her wedding .

Who was the letter that was found in the dressing room of the estate written for ?
the Vidame de Chartres
the Princess s uncle , the Vidame de Chartres

How old is Mademoiselle de Chartres when she is taken to the court of Henri II ?
A very sheltered 16 years old
sixteen

When given the chance to follow her dreams and her heart , after the Prince dies , what does the Princess choose to do ?
She enters a convent for part of every year
She rejects the Duke and enters a convent part of each year .

What happens to the Princess once the Duke s love fades ?
She passes away
she passes away

How old was Mademoise de Chartres when her mother took her to court of Henri II ?
She was sixteen years old .
16

Why did Mademoise de Chartres mother took her to court of Henri II ?
Her mother want her to find a rich man to marry .
to find a husband of good financial and social stature

Who did Mademoise de Chartres married ?
Prince de Cleves
Prince de Cleves

Who did Princess Cleve fell in love with ?
Duke de Nemours
Duke De Nemours

What did Duke did to convinced Princess Cleve he has not be unfaithful to her ?
Duke gave her a document from Vidame .
He showed her documents from her uncle , Vidame de Chartres

What happen when Prince Cleve discovered that his wife was in love with another man ?
Prince Cleve got sick and died
He tricks her into revealing the man s identity .

Who did Prince Cleve blamed for his illness ?
Duke de Nemours
The Duke de Nemours

What did Prince Cleve beg his wife not to do before he died ?
He beg her not to marry Duke
begs her not to marry the Duke

What did Princess do every part of each year ?
She enter a convent
Enter a convent

After several years what happen to Duke and the Princess ?
Their love faded .
He falls out of love with her

