How do Bonnie and Clyde meet ?
When Clyde attempts to steal Bonnie s mother s car .
They meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie s mother s car .

What was Bonnie s job when she met Clyde ?
She was a waitress .
she was a waitress

Which gang-member was a gas-station attendant ?
C.W . Moss
C.W . Moss

Who was Clyde s brother ?
Buck
Buck

Who was Buck s wife ?
Blanche
Blanche

Who shot the bank manager in the face ?
Clyde
Clyde

Which Texas Ranger was pursuing the gang ?
Frank Hamer
Frank Hamer

What is C.W . s fathers name ?
Ivan Moss
His name is Ivan Moss .

What were Bonnie and Clyde doing when the law caught up with them ?
Helping Mr. Moss change his tire .
Helping fix Mr. Moss s flat tire

Why does Bonnie decide to become partners in crime with Clyde ?
Bonnie was bored with her job as a waitress and intrigued by Clyde .
She is interested in Clyde .

When does Bonnie and Clyde s holdups turn from being amateur and not very lucrative to more high profile and lucrative ?
After they team up with C.W . Moss ; Clyde s older brother , Buck ; and Clyde s brother s wife , Blanche .
When they meet up with C.W . Moss , Clyde s brother Buck and his wife Blanche .

According to Bonnie , why is Blanche a constant danger to the gang s well-being ?
Bonnie sees Blanche as flighty and thus dangerous for the group .
She is flighty

When Bonnie and Clyde s small-time holdups change to robbing banks , how else does their exploits change ?
They become more violent .
They became violent

How does C.W . Moss botch a bank robbery ?
By parallel parking the getaway car .
He parallel parked the getaway car .

Which members of the gang are able to getaway after being caught off-guard by a raid ?
Bonnie , Clyde and C.W . Moss .
Bonnie , Clyde and C.W .

According to the police , what was C.W . Moss known as until his real name was revealed by Blanche ?
C.W . Moss was known as the Unidentified Suspect .
An unidentified suspect

Why does C.W . Moss ' father help the police set a trap to catch his son and the other remaining gang members ?
In exchange of their capture for the leniency of charges against his son , C.W . Moss .
He thinks Bonnie and Clyde have corrupted his son .

What does Ivan Moss believe are the causes of his son s corruption ?
Bonnie and Clyde and an ornate tattoo .
Bonnie , Clyde and an ornate tatoo

How is Bonnie and Clyde finally captured by the police ?
They are captured after stopping on the side of the road to help Ivan Moss fix a flat tire , where the police are hiding in the bushes .
Ivan Moss and the police set a trap for them .

To up the ante , as their crime spree escalate , Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker decide to turn to what new exploits ?
Violent Bank holdups .
Robbing banks

What happens when Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parter meet ?
They collude to form a crime ring .
Clyde was trying to steal Bonnie s mom s car .

What was Bonnie Parker job before starting to engage in this crime business ?
A waitress .
Waitress

What is the name of the Texas Ranger who goes on the hunt after Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker s crime ring ?
Frank Hamer .
Frank Hamer

How did the police figure out Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker s whereabouts ?
Frank Hamer stroke a snitching deal with C.W . Moss .
Ivan Moss sets them up for the police .

What happens to Clyde Barrow and Bonnie as they stopped by the side of the road to help C.W . Moss fix a busted tire ?
The police openned fire killing them .
The police shoot them .

Before being set-free after getting caught by the outlaws , what happens to Frank Hamer ?
Frank Hamer gets humiliated .
He is captured and humiliated

How did Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parter meet ?
As Clyde attempts to steal Bonnie s mother s car .
Clyde tried to steal Bonnie s mother s car .

When did Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker meet ?
In the middle of the Great Depression .
When Clyde tried to steal Bonnie s mother s car .

