Who was a native operator in the British secret service at the beginning of the story ?
Mahbub Ali
Mahbub Ali

What is the Tibetan Lama seeking to find when Kim meets him ?
the legendary River of the Arrow
He seeks the legendary River of the Arrow .

Where is Kim sent by his father s regimental chaplain ?
a top English school in Lucknow
Lucknow

Why is Kim given a government appointment after his schooling ?
to begin his role in the Great Game
So he can begin his role in the great game

What country seeks to undermine British control of India ?
Russia
Russia

For how long is Kim in school at Lucknow ?
Three years
Three years

Where is Kim trained in espionage ?
the jewelry shop of Lurgan Sahib
In Simla .

Where does the lama believe he should be looking for the River of the Arrow before he realizes he has gone astray ?
the mountains
in the mountains

Who delivers Russian documents to Hurree ?
Kim
Kim .

What does the lama achieve once he finds his river ?
Enlightenment
Enlightenment .

What happened to Kimball s parents ?
They both died in poverty .
They died in poverty .

How did Kim survive as an orphan ?
He begged in the streets and did errands .
by begging and running errands

Who is the character named Mahbub Ali ?
A horse trader and British secret service .
a Pashtun horse trader

Where does Mahbub Ali ask Kim to take a message ?
to the head of the British Intelligence
Umbala

When Kim is sent to an English school , who pays for his education ?
The Tibetan Lama
The lama

What is Kim trained in by his secret service contacts ?
espionage to be a surveyor
Espionage .

Who does Kim encounter when they travel to the Himalayas ?
Russian Intelligence Agents
The Lama

What does Kim obtain from the Russians ?
maps and other important papers and items
Maps , papers and other items .

After being rescued from the Russians , what the Lama want to do ?
He wants to search for the River of the Arrow .
He realizes that he was searching for the River of the Arrow in the wrong place , and wants to restart his journey .

Who is Kimball O'Hara ?
The son of an Irish soldier and Irish mother who both died in poverty .
He is an orphan .

How does Kim earn his living ?
He earns a living by begging and running small errands in his community .
Begging and running errands .

Who is Mahbub Ali ?
A member of the British SS and a horse trader .
A native operative of the British Secret service .

What is the Tibetan lama on a quest to recover ?
He is looking for the River of the Arrow .
The River of Arrow

What mission does Mahbub Ali give Kim ?
Mahbub Ali asks Kim to deliver a message to British Intelligence in Umballa .
he is to travel to Umballa with a message for the head of British Intelligence

Why is Kim separated from the lama ?
Someone recognizes the symbol Kim is wearing around his neck .
His dead father s regimental captain identifies him and sends him away to an English school .

What happens when Kim completes his education ?
He is given a government appointment , but also a vacation .
He is appointed to a government position , but first is given vacation time , and heads to the Himalayas with the lama .

Who does the lama enter into conflict with in the Himalayas ?
He falls into conflict with the Russian intelligence .
Russian Intelligence agents

Who is able to rescue the lama from the Russians ?
Kim rescues the lama .
Kim

