How did Phineas Finn s beloved wife die ?
She died in childbirth .
During childbirth .

What English party is determined to overturn the Troy majority in Parliment ?
The Whigs .
Whigs

Where does Phineas Finn go when he leaves Ireland ?
Back to London , England .
London

Who is Madam Max Goesler ?
A wealthy widow who , in the past , had offered to marry Phineas Finn .
A rich widow

Why does Finn lose the election ?
On appeal , it was found his opponent bribed some of the voters .
His opponent had bribed some of the voters .

Who is Finn s enemy within his own party ?
Mr Bonteen .
Mr. Bonteen .

What evidence aginst Emilius is discovered by Madam Max when she travels to the Continent ?
Madam Max finds a locksmith who made a duplicate key for Emilius .
He had been given a duplicate key to his room .

Is Emilius convicted of murder ?
He is not as there is not enough evidence against him .
no

Why is the Reverend Mr Emilius a suspect in the murder of Mr. Bonteen ?
Because Bonteen found out Emilius is a bigamist .
Bonteen outed Emilius as a bigamist and annulled his marriage .

Why is Finn brought to trial for the murder of the Mr Bonteen ?
Because the Reverend Mr Bonteen did not have a key to leave his lodgings the night of the murder .
All the circumstantial evidence points to him .

Why does Phineas find his life to be boring ?
His wife just died and his job is dull and unsatisfying .
His former life as a Member of Parliament was exciting .

Why is Finn encouraged to stand for Parliament ?
He used to be a Member of Parliament .
Finn is considered very promising .

Who does he first go to see in London ?
Madam Max .
Finn first visits Madam Max Goesler .

Why is Finn s and Madame Max s intial encounter awkward ?
Madame Max had proposed to Finn in the past and had been turned down .
She had previously asked him to marry her and he tured her down .

How does Finn get a seat in Parliament ?
It is found his opponent bribed people .
His opponent bribed voters .

Who is Finn s bitter foe ?
Mr Bonteen
Bonteen .

What happens to Mr Bonteen ?
He is murdered .
He s murdered

What is Emilius s motivation for killing Mr Bonteen ?
Mr Bonteen annulled Bonteen s marriage to Lady Eustace .
Bonteen found out that Emilius was a bigamist .

Why is Finn not convicted of killing Bonteen ?
It is found that Emilius had a spare key made .
Madame Max went looking for evidence .

What does Finn do at the end ?
Refuse a seat in politics and marries Madam Max .
He refused a position in the government an marries Madam Max .

Why does Madame Max travel to the Continent ?
To look for evidence to help Finn .
To look for evidence .

Where does Finn start the story ?
In Ireland
Ireland

Why did Finn win the election ?
His opponent was caught bribing voters , disqualifying him .
The election was appealed and voter fraud was determined , giving the victory over to Finn .

Why was Reverend Mr Emilius considered to have not murdered Bonteen ?
He was thought to not have a key to leave his lodging .
Because Finn was Bonteen s enemy and because Mr. Emilius supposedly did not have a key to his boarding house door .

Why might Emilius not be trustworthy ?
He marries Eustace while still married .
He is a bigamist and lied about his room key .

Why are Finn and Bonteen enemies ?
Bonteen paints Finn as untrustworthy due to past events .
Bonteen makes negative comments about Finn s honesty .

Why was Emilius suspected of murdering Bonteen ?
Bonteen discovered Emilius had already been married when he married Lady Eustace .
Bonteen caused Lady Eustace to annul her marriage to Emilius .

What job does Finn prefer ?
Being a member of Parliament .
Finn prefers being a member of Parliament .

