What country is Martin from ?
Canada
Canada

What does Scott tell the police ?
It s over .
It s over .

Where is the farmhouse Scott is living in ?
Carlisle , Pennsylvania
Carlisle

What happens to Martin s car while he is driving ?
A tire blows
Its tired blows

Where is the ferry going when Mrs. Asher recognizes her son ?
Quebec City
Quebec City

What was the real name of the person who died in the car accident ?
Christopher Hart
Christopher Hart

How does Asher escape Montreal ?
On a train
on a train

Why is Scott summoned to Montreal ?
To help apprehend Asher
to capture Martin

How long ago does Mrs. Asher say her son died ?
19 Years
19 years ago

What occupation does Costa pose as ?
Art salesman
Artist

Who does Martin Asher meet and befriend on the bus early on in the story ?
Matt Soulsby .
A fellow teen , Matt Soulsby

What do Matt and Martin do when their bus breaks down ?
They take a car from a nearby garage .
they somehow acquire a car from a nearby garage

What happens to Matt after the tire on their car blows out ?
Martin kills him by kicking him out in front of an on-coming car and assumes his identity .
While changing the tire , Martin kicks Matt into the path of an oncoming truck .

When Illeana Scott is recruited to help the Canadian Government apprehend Martin , what is Martin wanted for ?
Killing people and assuming their identity over the years .
Martin wanted to play around with Scott

Who identifies Martin on a Ferry in Quebec city ?
Martin s mother .
His mom

What does Martin s mother do after she sees Martin ?
She reports the sighting to a police officer and identifies her son as a dangerous person .
she finds a police officer and tells him she saw her allegedly dead son on the ferry

Who does Martin take hostage as he flees ?
Costa .
James Costa

What does Scott discover after Costa comes to visit her in her hotel room ?
That Costa is in fact Martin .
Costa is Martin , the murderer

Who really died in the car accident ?
Christopher Hart , who Martin owed money to and murdered .
Christopher Hart , a drug dealer and art thief

How does Scott trick Martin into coming to her home ?
By pretending that she is pregnant with his twins .
She moved into a farmhouse to live by herself

What is the name of the boy that Martin befriends on the bus ?
Matt Soulsby
Matt Soulsby

What happens to the teenager Martin befriends after the bus breaks down ?
Martin kicks him into the path of an oncoming truck and steals his identity
Martin kicked him into the path of an oncoming truck

What city does Illeana travel to in order to help catch Martin for his crimes ?
Montreal
Montreal

What is the name of the art dealer who is able to make a sketch of Martin that leads to police finding his location ?
James Costa
James Costa

Under the impression that her son had died 19 years ago , where does Martin s mom believe that she has seen him before reporting it to the police ?
On a ferry in Queben City
on a ferry to Quebec City

What happens after Martin s mother goes to the morgue to identify her sons body ?
She realizes that is not her son and that he still must be alive .
She is killed

Why is Illeana fired from the FBI ?
She admits to having consensual sex with Martin
because she confessed to having had sex with Asher

Why was Illeana not harmed when Martin attacked her with a pair of scissors ?
She had on a prosthetic pregnancy belly
Illeana was wearing a fake pregnant belly .

Who is Martin revealed to be ?
James Costa
If speaking about after the car accident , then in this case Martin was a drug dealer and art thief named Christopher Hart

Why does the heavily pregnant Illeana move to a remote farmhouse in Pennsylvania ?
As part of a police ploy to attract Martin in order to catch him one and for all
The FBI fires hire

