What does Kaposi s Sarcoma , Beckett s cancer , look like ?
Skin lesions
The cancer looks like multiple tumors on the lymph nodes and skin .

What was the law firm s excuse for firing Beckett ?
That he was incompetent and mishandled paperwork .
Lost papers

Why was Miller afraid to take Beckett s case at first ?
He was afraid of catching AIDS .
afraid that he would contract HIV

When did Miller decide to take Beckett s case after all ?
When he saw others ' discriminatory behavior toward Beckett at the law library .
After he reviews the material Miller has gathered

Why did Beckett unbutton his shirt in court ?
To show the court what the cancer looked like .
To prove that his lesions were visible

The jury awarded Beckett three kinds of compensation : back pay , damages for pain and suffering , and what else ?
Punitive damages .
punitive damages

Where was Beckett when the jury ruled in his favor ?
At the hospital .
In the hospital

How did Miller s attitude toward Beckett change ?
When they met , Miller was afraid of Beckett s AIDS , but by the end , he was able to touch him .
At first , he is afraid he can catch AIDs , until he speaks to his doctor .

According to the law partner s testimony , why did he think Beckett s AIDS was different from the blood transfusion patient s AIDS ?
He said that because Beckett was homosexual , he had invited the illness on himself .
Beckett invited the disease through his homosexuality

How did the law partner who betrayed Beckett feel about him after Beckett collapsed ?
He regretted the betrayal .
He is remorseful about betraying him

What does Beckett say the lesion on his forehead is from ?
A racquetball injury .
A racquetball injury

Why does Beckett lie about the lesion on his forehead ?
He does not want people to know he is gay , and has HIV/AIDS
He is afraid of being discriminated against for having AIDS

Why does Beckett think the paperwork was lost ?
He thinks the firm hid the paperwork so they could fire him .
Beckett believes the paperwork was lost deliberately to give the Firm an excuse to fire him because he had AIDS .

Why does Joe Miller decline to be Beckett s attorney at first ?
He is worried he could contract HIV from Beckett .
He is worried he will contract AIDS

Why did Beckett have to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand ?
To show the lesions and prove the lesions were visible .
Beckett unbuttoned his shirt to prove that his lessions were visible .

What was the verdict of the lawsuit ?
The jury voted in favor of Beckett .
The jury finds in favor of Beckett and awards damages and back pay

Why does the defense suggest that Beckett is not a victim ?
They suggested Beckett had invited the illness through homosexual acts .
Because he is gay

What type of cancerous lesions did Beckett suffer from ?
Kaposi Sarcoma .
Sarcoma

Why did Miller go to the doctor to be evaluated ?
He though he might have contracted HIV from casual contact with Beckett .
he was afraid he might have contracted HIV

Why did Miller finally decide to take the case ?
Millwer saw how people mistreated Beckett at the library .
He is disgusted by the people at the library s behavior and looks at the material Miller has gathered .

What disease does Beckett have ?
AIDS
AIDs

What form of cancer is marked by multiple tumors on the lymph nodes and skin ?
Kaposi s Sarcoma
kaposi s sarcoma

What happens to the paperwork from Beckett s case ?
The paper copy is missing and there is no copy of it on the computer .
It is missing

Why does Becket take legal action against his job ?
He believes he was unjustly fired from having AIDS .
He felt he was wrongly terminated

Who takes Beckett s discrimination case ?
Joe Miller
Joe Miller

What is awarded to Beckettl ?
He collapses .
damages and back pay

Does the jury rule in Beckett s favor ?
back pay , damages for pain and suffering , punitive damages
Yes , the jury rules in Beckett s favor .

Who is Beckett s partner ?
Miguel
miguel

How does Beckett s law partner feel about betraying Beckett ?
The partner will regret it for the rest of his life .
Remorseful

