What did Robert , Anthea , Cyril , and Jane s father do for his job ?
He was a journalist covering the war in Manchuria .
journalist

Where was the children s mother ?
She was recuperating from an illness in Madeira .
Maderia , recovering from an illness

Where did the children stay while their parent s were gone ?
They stayed at a boardinghouse in Central London run by an old nurse .
A boardinghouse in Central London

What is the Psammead ?
A magical being that looked like a mangy old monkey .
A magical being that grants wishes

What wish do the children want the amulet to grant them ?
Safe return for their parents and brother .
The safe return of their parents , and brother .

Why does n't the amulet that the children purchased work ?
because if was only half of the original amulet
It s only half of the amulet .

What does this half of an amulet do for the children ?
It acts as a portal to transport the children to other times and places to search for the other half .
allows them to time travel

Name one place that the children transported to looking for the other half of the amulet ?
Babylon , Gaul , Egypt , Tyre , Cornwall , or Atlantis
Babylon

Who did they meet and speak to in Gaul ?
Julius Caesar
Julius Ceaser

What was the future like when the children transported there ?
British socialist utopia
E. Nesbit s vision of utopia .

Where did the mother go ?
Madeira
Madeira

Who did the mother take with to Madeira ?
The younger brother , The Lamb .
The Lamb

What do the children call the poor learned gentleman ?
Jimmy .
Jimmy .

What did the children find in one of the shops and what can it do ?
Psammead , a creature that can grant wishes to others
An amulet that grants time travel

What potential does half of the amulet alone provide ?
It allows for time travel to find the other half .
Serves as a portal , to travel in time .

What historical figure do the children meet during their search for the other half ?
Julius Caesar .
Julius Caesar

After time traveling , why are the children able to speak and understand the contemporary language ?
The author does not explain why .
It s magic .

Who else do the children bring along on their time traveling adventures ?
Jimmy .
Jimmy , a poor learned gentleman

What do the children desire with the amulet ?
The safe return of their parents and baby brother .
Time travel to another portal .

Where do the children live ?
In a boarding house in central London .
London

What is the name of the character who talked Julius Caesar into attacking Britain ?
Jane
Jane

What kind of creature was purchased by the children in a shop near the British Museum ?
A Psammead
Monkey

Which character can only understand languages to the degree that he has studied them in the past ?
Jimmy
Jimmy .

What can possessing a whole amulet do that having only half of it can not ?
Grant one s heart s desire
It can grant their heart s desires .

Which child of the journalist is the youngest by birth order ?
The Lamb
The Lamb

Where had the children traveled and found a socialist society where children in particular faced great danger ?
To the future
Edwardian England

Why had the mother of the children traveled to Madiera ?
To recouperate from an illness
To get better from an illness

Why did the children s father go to Manchuria ?
He was a journalist covering the war there .
His job .

What amazing thing did possessing half of the amulet allow the children to do ?
Travel through time
Time travel

What was the profession of The Learned Gentleman ?
An Egyptologist
An Egyptologist .

