Who is the butler at the New England mansion ?
Mr. Wadsworth .
Wadsworth

What does Mr. Wadsworth announce at the dinner ?
That they are all being blackmailed .
He states that everyone at the dinner party is being blackmailed .

Why was Professor Plum s medical license revoked ?
He had an affair with a female patient .
He had an affair with a female patient

What kind of operation does Miss Scarlet run ?
An escort service .
Miss Scarlet is the owner of an illegal escort service .

What job-threatening secret is Mr. Green keeping ?
That he is a homosexual .
Mr. Green is a homosexual , and that secret will cost him his job .

Why does Mr. Boddy provide each of the guests with a weapon ?
To kill Mr. Wadsworth .
To kill Wadsworth

How does Mr. Boddy create chaos in the room after giving everyone weapons ?
He turns out the lights .
turns out the lights and shoots the revolver

Why does Mr. Wadsworth want revenge on Mr. Boddy ?
Because his wife committed suicide .
His wife was being blackmailed by Mr. Boddy and she committed suicide

Where are the weapons when the guests split up to search the mansion ?
Locked in the cupboard .
the cupboard

Who is responsible for arranging the whole event ?
Mr. Wadsworth .
Wadsworth

Who is the host of the party at the mansion ?
The butler Wadsworth .
Wadsworth

How many weapons are involved in the subsequent deaths ?
All six weapons .
six

What is the reason for the party ?
To enact revenge upon Mr Boddy after revealing him as the blackmailer .
In revenge for his wife

How many people are actually found dead ?
Five people are found dead .
six

Why is it assumed that there is someone else in the mansion ?
Everyone denies killing Mr Boddy .
They thought someone else was there because they were all together with the murders took place .

Why does Mr Boddy suggest that Wadsworth be killed ?
To destroy evidence , thereby keeping their secrets safe .
To keep their secrets safe

What is Mr Boddy s final blackmail attempt ?
To reveal everyone s secrets while he is in police custody .
Mr. Boddy reminds everyone that he can tell everyones secrets at the police station .

Where was Mr Boddy actually killed ?
In the bathroom .
In the bathroom

Where were the weapons supposed to be while the mansion was being searched ?
Locked in a cupboard .
locked in the cupboard

Where were the six strangers invited to ?
Hill House
Hill House

Who is the seventh attendee ?
Mr. Boddy
Mr. Boddy was the seventh person at the party .

Why was Professor Plum s medical license revoked ?
He had an affair with one of his psychiatry patients
he had an affair with a female patient

What does Miss Scarlet own ?
An illegal escort service
Miss Scarlet owns and illegal escort service .

What does Colonel Mustard do at the Pentagon ?
He is working on a private fusion bomb
He worksa at the Pentagon on a fusion bomb .

What secret would get Mr. Green fired from the State Department ?
He is a homosexual
that he is a homosexual

Who is killed when the lights go out ?
Mr. Boddy
Mr. Boddy

Who is found dead in the meat locker ?
Ho the cook
Ho , the cook

Which weapon killed the singing telegram girl ?
The revolver
revolver

Which weapon killed the stranded motorist ?
The wrench
Someone used the wrench to kill the stranded motorist .

