How long has the family s fued been boiling ?
30 years
100 yeas

Which families are involved in the fued ?
Tollivers & Falins
The Falins and the Tollivers

What mountain range do the families live in ?
Appalachians
The Appalachians

What industry begins to exert influence over the area where both families live ?
coal mining
Coal mining .

How is John Hale described ?
as a foreigner
Ambitious , visionary geologist

What is Hale s profession ?
geologist
A Geologist

What does Hale want to create for himself throught the coal industry ?
a legacy
a legacy

Who does Hale have an eye for ?
June Tolliver
June Tolliver .

What does Hale want to introduce June to ?
higher education
higher education

What must June choose between ?
clan loyaties and Hale
Her clan and the man she loves , John Hale

How long have the Tollivers and Falins been fighting ?
over 30 years
Over 30 years .

Where does the story take place ?
in the Appalachian mountains
The Appalachian Mountains

Why is the area where the feuding families live changing ?
industrialization and coal mining
Coal mining has come to the area .

What does the man that June in interested in doing for a living ?
he s a geologist
He is a geologist .

Which of the mountain s natural resources does Hale have the most interest in accessing ?
coal
Coal

How does Hale imagine changing June s life ?
by freeing her from mountain life and introducing her to higher education
he wants to remove her from the condines of mountain life and give her a higher education

Why does Hale want to establish a law and order authority in the region ?
In order to prepare for the growth that will happen when coal mining begins
Because of the coming boom time

What major choice does June have to make in the story ?
Whether to be loyal to her family or to Hale
The choice between family and he love interest .

When does this story take place ?
at the turn of the 20th century
Turn of the 20th century

What two families were fueding ?
the Tollivers and the Falins
Tollivers and Falins

Devlin Judd Tolliver s character was built around what real person ?
Wesley Wright also known as Devil John
Devil John Wesley Wright

What career did this real person have ?
He was a United States Marshall .
US Marshal

Who was John Hale Captivated by ?
June Tolliver
June Tolliver

During this time period , what business was very influential on the Appalachian Mountains ?
Coal mining
Coal Mining

Why must June choose between romance and family ?
June is from the family Hale s is feuding against and she must choose where her loyalty is .
Family loyalty is important .

How many years did the mountain families have in settling differences on their own ?
100
One hundred .

What is John Hale considered by the people of the Appalachian Mountains ?
A foreigner
A foreigner furriner

Why do the families of the Appalachion Mountain refuse to comply with Hale s laws ?
The many years of tradition and handling their own conflict .
They believe in the traditionl way of doing things .

Who is a geologist ?
John Hale
Hale

