What makes the fairies jealous of Fairer-than-a Fairy ?
Her beauty
Her beauty and name .

At what age is Fairer-than-a-Fairy when her beauty becomes known to surrounding countries ?
Twelve
12

Who decides to go to the castle and pretend to become friends with Fairer-than-a-Fairy while working as a servant ?
Nabote
Nabote

Who is Nabote ?
The Queen of the Faries
The Queen of the Fairies

Who built the castle that Fairer-than-a-Fairy lives at ?
A Wizard
The wizard

How does Nabote get Fairer-than-a-Fairy to willingly come out of the castle ?
Nabote pretends to faint
She pretends to faint outside the castle s walls .

What is the name of Nabote s son ?
Phratis
Phratis

What is the name of the princess that Fairer-than-a-Fairy meets that has also been kidnapped ?
Desirs
Desirs .

What is Fairer-than-a-Fairy ordered to bring back in the vase from Mount Adventurous ?
Water of immortal life
Water of immortal life

Who is the former Queen of the Fairies that retakes her thrown ?
The Hind with Silver Feet
The Hind .

Why do the Fairies want to avenge themselves regarding Fairer-than-a-Fairy ?
They are jealous of her beauty and her name .
Because they are jealous of her beauty and name .

What makes it impossible for Nabote to kidnap Fairer-than-a-Fairy ?
The wizard , who built the castle , placed a spell on the castle so that no inhabitant could leave unwillingly or be bewitched .
A wizards spell .

How does Nabote capture Fairer-than-a-Fairy ?
Nabote pretends to faint outside the castle walls and Fairer-than-a-fairy runs to her .
Tricks her .

Who is Desirs ?
another beautiful princess who was kidnapped
A beautiful princess who was kidnapped .

What is Fairer-than-a-Fairy ordered to do atop of Mount Adventurous ?
fill a vase with Water of Immortal Life
Fill a Vase .

Why does Nabote s son help Fairer-than-a-Fairy so much throughout this story ?
He is in love with her .
He loved her .

Who does the Hind with Silver Feet turn out to be ?
the former Queen of the Fairies
Queen of the Fairies .

Why do the former Queen of the Fairies ( Hind with Silver Feet ) and Fairer-than-a-Fairy return to Nabote s court ?
to save Desirs from being executed
To save Desirs .

Where is Desirs ordered to go to get the Rouge of Youth ?
to the Fair of Time
At the Fair of Time

Who is the lover of Desirs ?
the brother of Fairer-than-a-Fairy
The Brother of Fairer than a Fairy .

What is the name of the queen of the fairies ?
nabote
Nabote .

Why were the fairies jealous of fairer-than-a-fairy after she turned twelve ?
they are jealous of her beauty and her name
Because of her beauty which becomes famous in surrounding countries .

What did nabote pretend to do outside the castle walls ?
faint
Faint

What does fairer than a fairy have to fill a vase with on mount adventurous ?
the water of immortal life
the Water of Immortal Life

Who rescued desirs before she is made ugly ?
her lover
The Queen and Fairer-than-a-Fairy

Who was the hind finally revealed to be ?
former queen of the fairies
the former Queen of the Fairies

After the former queen retakes her throne , what happens to nabote ?
she is sent to another kingdom
she is sent to another kingdom

Who save desirs from being executed ?
fairer than a fairy and the former queen
The Queen and Fairer-than-a-Fairy .

Fairer than a fairy finds her brother who is he ?
desirs lover
Desirs ' lover

Why could n't fairer than a fairy clean the room she was held captive in ?
it became dirtier as she swept it
It becomes dirtier as she sweeps .

