Which type of poaching occurred after annexation ?
Ivory poaching .
Ivory

Who were being exploited and tortured ?
Indigenous people .
Indigenous people .

What trade did the indigenous people belong to ?
The rubber trade .
rubber trade

Why did Conan Doyle believe opinions on the abuse matter were not very harsh ?
Because he felt the full story was not yet completely told to people .
because the story has not been thoroughly brought home to people

Who had founded the Congo State ?
The Belgian King .
The Belgian King

What continued occurring after the annexation , besides ivory poaching ?
Slavery .
Slavery

Who was exploiting the Congo State , according to Conan ?
The Belgian capital , its soldiers , and concessionnaries .
The Belgian capital , soldiers , and concessionnaires .

Who wanted to discourage the Reformers ?
The Belgian government .
Belgian Governemnts

How did Conan receive the annexation of the state by Belgium ?
He was dismissive .
with skepticism and criticism

How was the rubber trade considered ?
Lucrative .
lucrative

What was the so-called region known as ?
The Congo Free State .
Congo Free State

Who occupied and considered this area his personal property ?
Leopold II , King of Belgium .
Leopold II of Belgium

How were the indiginous people of the Congo being treated ?
They were exploited and tortured .
they were exploited and tortured

What trade was of particular interest ?
The rubber trade .
rubber

Why were people perhaps not more sympathetic about the situation ?
Because they did n't know the full story .
Most people had not heard of the human rights abuses occurring there .

What was a descriptive name for the occupation ?
rubber regime
rubber regime

What group worked to change conditions for the indiginous people ?
The Congo Reform Association .
Congo Reform Association

What was the intended result of the annexation of the state by Belgium ?
To end the King s personal rule .
end the personal rule of the King

What activity continued to occur after the annexation ?
Slavery and ivory poaching .
slavery and poaching

Who did successive Belgian governments act to discourage ?
Reformers .
reform

What did Conan Doyle label the Congo Free State ?
A rubber regime
rubber regime

Who was this area designated as the personal property of ?
Leopold II of Belgium
Leopold II of Belgium

What were the human rights conditions there ?
There were serious abuses .
Bad for the Indigenous people and slaves , probably fine for the Belgians .

Who was being tortured and exploited ?
Indigenous people
Indigenous people .

How did Conon Doyle feel about the crimes happening in the Congo Free State ?
They were the greatest ever known .
they might be the worst ever known

Whose work was lauded by Conan Doyle ?
The Congo Reform Association
Congo Reform Association

Why did Belgium annex the state ?
To end the personal rule of the King .
to end the rule of the Belgian King

What two crimes did Conan Doyle note continued after annexation ?
Slavery and Ivory Poaching
slavery and ivory poaching

What did Conan Doyle say the Belgium government had done to all efforts of reform ?
Everything they could to discourage it .
discourage it

Why did Doyle feel the public was not sensitive to the people of Congo ?
The terrible story had been brought home to the people .
because the story has not been thoroughly brought home to the people .

