What causes Easy to return home ?
The death of his mother .
His mother dies .

Why does Easy return to Sicily ?
To marry Agnes .
To claim his bride .

What does Easy s father believe ?
That all men are equal and that no man should own property .
All property should be shared .

Why does Easy join the Navy ?
It is the best example of a society where all men are equal .
To push for an equalized society

Who was Mesty before he became a slave ?
A prince of Africa .
African prince

When does Mesty change his mind about Easy s philosophy ?
When he is promoted to corporal .
when he is promoted to corporal

What does Easy senior s invention do ?
Reduces or enlarges phrenological bumps on the skull .
reduce or enlarge bumps on the skull .

What was Easy senior trying to do when he died ?
Reduce his own benevolence bump .
He was trying to reduce a bump on his skull .

What is Mesty put in charge of when he is promoted to corporal ?
Discipline .
discipline

What was the reason gentlemen listened to Easy senior talk about his philosophy ?
Easy senior s wine was good .
The port was good .

Who spoiled Easy ?
His parents
His parents spoiled Easy .

What does Easy s father regard himself as ?
A philosopher
Philosopher .

What does Easy join ?
The Navy
The Navy .

Who is the lower deck seaman that Easy befriends ?
Mesty
Mesty .

Where had Mesty been a prince ?
Africa
Africa .

To what position is Mesty promoted ?
Ship corporal
Ship s corporal .

How old is Easy ?
17 years old
17

What does the apparatus that Easy Sr develops do ?
It reduces or enlarges phrenological bumps on the skull
Smooths out bumps on a persons skull .

Who does Easy end up marrying ?
Agnes
Agnes

What does Easy think of his father s point of view when he is a teenager ?
Easy adopts his father s point of view .
He has fully adopted his father s point of view .

Who does Easy meet in the navy ?
He meets Mesty , a former prince of Africa .
Mesty

How does Mesty help Easy numerous times ?
Mesty helps by pulling Easy out of trouble numerous times throughout their journey across the Mediterranean .
He pulls him out of several scrapes .

What does Easy find when he returns home after his mother dies ?
Upon arriving home , he finds that his father has gone completely mad .
takes over his parents estate , quits the navy

What kills Easy s father ?
Easy s father attempts to use a machine that he developed on himself which kills him .
A machine he created to thin bumps in a person s skull .

How does Easy come to wealth ?
After his father s death , he demanded past rent from the tenants and kicked out those that would not pay .
tenants from his parents estate

What does Easy do after he has obtained wealth from his father s estate ?
Easy quits the navy , and returns to Sicily to marry his bride Agnes .
Quits the navy and returns to Sicily to marry Agnes .

Why can Agnes ' family not refuse Easy ?
Because he has become a wealthy man and is no longer a junior midshipman .
Because Easy is a wealthy man at this point .

What is Easy s father s philosophy ?
That men have rights and that there should be equality for all .
that all people are completely equal

What does Easy s father think of Easy joining the Navy ?
He approves Easy s joining because he believes it is the best example of an equal society .
It is a good example of an equal society .

