Why is Kirsty in psychiatric hospital ?
She s haunted by horrifying visions
She saw her family be destroyed .

What has Dr. Channard been searching for ?
The Lament Configuration
A doorway .

What awakens Kirsty ?
Visions of her father
A vision of her father .

Where does Kirsty believe her father is ?
In Hell
In hell .

Who does Julia manage to seduce ?
Channard
Dr. Channard

What world is entered by unlocking the Lament Configuration ?
the world of Pinhead and the Cenobites .
The world of the Cenobites

How does Cotton lure Kirsty ?
By pretending to be her father
by pretending to be her father

Who becomes a Cenobite ?
Dr. Channard
Dr. Channard

What happens to the mover as he is removing the matress ?
He is killed
He is killed

What does the second Mover observe as he enters ?
A Pillar of Cenobites
A large spinning pillar with Cenobite faces

What is Tiffany s special talent ?
Solving puzzles .
she does not desire anything

Wht does Dr. Channard bring mentally ill patients into his home ?
So that Julia can feed on them to regain her physical form .
So that Julia can feed on them .

How does Kirsty trick Dr. Channard ?
By putting on Julia s skin .
She puts on Julia s skin

What has Dr. Channard been searching for for years ?
The Lament Configuration , the portal into another dimension .
The Lament Configuration

What is Frank Cotton s punishment ?
To be seduced by the images of sexually available women that he can never have .
To be seduced and teased by women in Hell .

Who killed Julia before the beginning of this story ?
Frank Cotton .
Frank

Who do the Cenobites eventually target as the result of the opening of the portal into their dimension ?
Dr. Channard .
the movers

What makes Kirsty attack Julia ?
Kirsty has found out that Julia killed MacRae .
Julia kills MacRae

Who is Pinhead ?
A leader among the Cenobites .
A Cenobite

Why does Kirsty enter the Cenobite s domain ?
To try to rescue her father , who she believes is trapped in hell .
to save who she believes to be her father

What does Kirsty beg her doctor to destroy at the beginning of the story ?
The bloody mattress her step mother died on .
The mattress from the first film .

The lament configuration , which Dr Channard is searching for , is the doorway to where ?
The world of the cenobites .
The world of the Cenobites

When Dr. Channard frees Julia from the Cenobite dimension , she is whole except what ?
She does n't have skin .
skin

Who awakens Kristy to plead for help in the form of an otherworldly vision ?
Her father .
Her father .

What is the name of the young mute patient Kirsty befriends ?
Tiffany .
Tiffany .

What activity is Tiffany especially good at ?
Solving puzzles .
solving puzzles

Who does Julie feed on thanks to Dr. Channard s help ?
Dr. Channard s mentally ill patients .
mentally ill patients

According to Pinhead , it s not the physical act of opening the box , but what that makes the Cenobites attack someone ?
Desire .
The desire

Who turns out to be impersonating Kirsty s father in order to lure her to hell ?
Frank Cotton .
Frank Cotton

Who ultimately kills Pinhead and his minions ?
Doctor Channard .
Dr Channard

