How do suitors win the hand of Antiochus ' daughter ?
By answering his riddle
By answering Antiochus ' riddle .

What does the riddle mean ?
Antiochus is in an incestuous relationship with his daughter .
Antioch has an incestuous relationship with his daughter

Why does Pericles flee Antioch ?
He is disgusted by Antiochus ' relationship with his daughter .
Antiochus is going to kill him

Who rules Tyre while Pericles flees to Tarsus ?
His friend Helicanus
Helicanus

Who does Pericles marry ?
Thaisa , daughter of Simonedes of Pentapolis
Thaisa

How does Thaisa become a priestess after she dies ?
A physician revives her .
A doctor revived her , and she thought Pericles had died in the storm , so she became a priestess .

Why do Cleon and Dionyza plan to kill Marina ?
She is more beautiful than their own daughter
Because she is more beautiful than their daughter

What work does Marina do at the brothel the pirates sell her to ?
She is a tutor
A tutor

Why is Marina reintroduced to her father ?
Lysimachus brings her in to entertain Pericles .
Pericles ' wonderings bring them back together

How does Pericles find Thaisa ?
The goddess Diana tells him to come to the temple in a dream
he wins her hand in a tournament

Where the play open up ?
Court of Anitochus .
in the court of the king of Antioch

What will happen to those men who fail to answer the King of Antioch s riddle ?
Death .
they will be killed

Why ca n't Pericles reveal his answer ?
He fears the correct answer will get him killed .
If he fails the riddle , he dies and if he solves it , he dies

How long does Antiochus give Pericles to think of the correct answer to the riddle ?
Forty days .
40 days

Which city does Pericles flee to after he leave Tyre ?
Tarsus .
Tarsus

When in Pentapolis , Pericles enters a tournament for what kind of prize ?
The hand to the king s daughter , Thaisa .
The hand of the king s daughter in marriage

Who is Marina ?
Pericles ' and Thaisa s daughter .
The daughter of Pericles

Why is Marina s life in danger while at Tarsus ?
Cleon and Dionyza plan her murder because Marina is more beautiful than their own daughter .
Dionyza wants to murder her

Why are Cleon and Dionyza killed when Pericles is reunited with his wife and daughter ?
The people of Tarsus revolt against them because for their crimes .
They are killed for trying to murder Marina .

Why did Pericles not tell the king of Antioch the meaning of his riddle ?
Because he thought he would be killed for knowing what it meant
Either way , he would die

What did the King of Antioch do when he realized Pericles figured out his ridlle ?
He sent assasins after Pericles .
sends an assassain after him

Where does Pericles go when his friend Helancus advises him to leave the city ?
Tarsus
Tarsus

How does Pericles help the people of Tarsus ?
He gives the governer and his wife the grain from his ship .
By giving them the grain in his ship .

Where does Pericles wash up after the storm wrecks his ship ?
the shores of Pentapolis
The shores of Pentapolis .

What do the fishermen who rescued Pericles tell him was happening the next day ?
The king of Pantapolis was holding a tournament to find a husband for his daughter , Thaisa .
King Simonedes is holding a tournament

What happens to Thaisa while sailing to Tyre ?
She appears to die during childbirth .
she gives birth and appears dead

Why was Thaisa s body put overboard ?
To calm the storm .
The crew of the ship believe it would calm the storm .

Why does Dionyza plan to murder Marina ?
because she is prettier than her daughter , Philoten
She grew up to be more attractive than her own daughter .

How does Pericles find out Marina is still alive ?
Lysimachus brings Marina to Pericles to cheer him up .
Lysimachus introduces them

