What was Marjory s surname when she buried Don Bernardino ?
Marjory Hunter
Drake

What two wars play a role in this story ?
Spanish American and England and Spain
Defeat of the Spanish Armada and the Spanish-American War .

Who is Marjory s landlord ?
Don Bernardino
Don Bernardino

Why is Marjory kidnapped ?
Spanish plot .
There is a Spanish plot against her .

Who first entered the cave ?
Don Bernardino de Escoban to leave the treasure .
Don Bernandino de Escoban

What was the full name of the person who assisted in Marjory s kidnapping ?
Gormala MacNeil
Archibald Hunter

Where was Don Bernardino originally from ?
Spain
Spain .

Where are the Skares ?
Cruden Bay
Lammas-tide

What was the name of the cipher ?
Bacon s Cipher
Bacon s cipher .

What does Gormala tell Archibald about himself ?
That he is a Seer like her
He is a Seer .

How does Marjory help Archibald ?
She translates the letters he finds in the trunk
She helps decode the letters .

What is significant about the location of the house Archibald is building ?
It is on top of the location of Don Bernandino s treasure
The cave is likely below it .

Why did Marjory flee to Scotland ?
Because there is a Spanish plot against her life , and she was tired of the United States government interfering in her life by trying to protect herf
To stop the US from interfering with her freedoms

How is the landlord of Castle Crom connected to Archibald ?
He is the descendant of Don Bernandino , who hid the treasure Archibald is searching for
His descendant wrote the documents Archibald has .

How does Archibald eventually find Marjory after she is kidnapped ?
He has a vision of her location
He has a vision of the ship .

What happens to Don Bernandino on the ship of the kidnappers ?
He is killled
He is killed after being thrown into the water .

How is Castle Crom connected to the hidden treasure ?
There are underground passageways
The treasure was in a cave under the house .

Who leads the kidnappers to Marjory ?
Gormala
Gormala MacNeil

What do Marjory and Archibald do for Don Bernandino s body after his death ?
They have a tomb created to guard over the treasure
Send it back to Spain to be buried with his ancestors

What vision does Archibald have at the beginning of the story ?
He sees a dead child being carried in a coffin .
Of a couple passing him transporting a small coffin

What power does Archibald find out that he has ?
He has premonitions that come true .
He has visions .

Who has the same power as Archibald ?
An old woman named Gormala .
Gormala MacNeil

How does Archibald meet Marjory ?
He rescues her from the ocean .
She is stranded on a rock in the ocean

What does Archibald purchase while working in his new house ?
A trunk that contains several old letters .
A trunk .

How does Marjory held Archibald with the letters that he discovered ?
She creates a cipher that allows him to read the letters .
She helps decipher them .

What do the letters reveal ?
That there is a hidden treasure somewhere in the town .
That the writer was entrusted with treasure that he lost in a sea cave .

Where do Archibald and Marjory discover the treasure ?
In a cave located underneath Archibald s house .
the cave under Archibald s house

Why does Don Bernardino agree to help Archibald find Marjory ?
To restore his honor .
It is a chance to regain honor .

How does Archibald learn where Marjory is being held by her kidnappers ?
Gormala shares a vision with him right before she dies .
He uses Gormala s Second Sight power .

