What college did Claude attend ?
Temple College
Temple College

What kind of university did Claude try to convince his parents would better his education ?
State University
The State University .

After what event does Claude meet and befriend the Erlich family ?
football game
A football game

Why does Claude have to leave the university ?
operate part of the family farm
To perate part of the family farm .

Who does Claude marry ?
Enid Royce
Enid Royce

Why does Enid depart to China ?
to care for her missionary sister
To care for her sick missionary sister .

Where does Claude go when Enid goes to China ?
his family s farm
To his family s farm .

What branch of the military does Claude enter ?
US Army
The Army .

When does Claude feel like he has never mattered more ?
during the war
After he joined the Army

What type of epidemic is happening during the war ?
influenza
influenza

Where does Claude think he will get a better education ?
At the state university .
State college .

Who does Claude meet after a football game ?
The Elrich family , who he befriends .
The Erlich family .

What interests do the Elrich family have ?
The Elrichs love music , free-thinking and debate .
Music , free-thinking and debate .

Why does Claude have to leave Temple University ?
His father expands the family farm and Claude is needed there instead .
He must help support his family by farming

Who does Claude end up marrying ?
Claude ends up marrying Enid Royce .
Enid Royce

What does Claude find out about Enid ?
She loves political activism and charity more than him .
That she is more interested in political activism and missionary work .

Where does Claude end up when Enid heads to China ?
He heads back to the family farm instead .
Back on the family farm .

What choice does Claude make when the United States enters World War I ?
He enlists in the US Army .
To enlist .

What does Claude enjoy abut his experiences with the Army ?
Claude enjoys the freedom and new responsibilities .
He feels like he has a purpose in life

What happens at the end of the story ?
Claude enters the front line against the German forces .
He joins the army and feels he finally has a purpose in life as he battles the Germans .

Why does Clause think his marriage is a failure ?
He feels Enid prefers politics and missionary work over being his wife .
His wife cares more about other things than him

What prompts Claude become a soldier ?
The United States enters World War I .
World War I erupts .

Why does Claude return home for a second time ?
His wife leaves to care for her ill sister in China .
His wife has left for China

How do Claude and Enid know each other ?
They were friends while growing up .
They are childhood friends .

What is Claude searching for ?
His purpose in life .
A purpose

What type of school is Temple College ?
A Christian university .
Christian

Who influences Claude during college ?
The Erlich family .
The Erlich family

Why did Claude leave his university education behind ?
He had to help his father run the expanded family farm .
To help his family

What fulfills Claude s desire to mean something ?
His service in the Army .
Joining the US Army

Where did Claude fight the Germans ?
On the front line of the battle .
Europe

