How many sons does Henry Dashwood have ?
1
one

What is Henry s son s name ?
John
John Dashwood

What does John inherent after Henry dies ?
Henry s house
He inherits Norlan Park .

What promise does Fanny convince John to renig on ?
To take care of his half sisters
take care of Mr Dashwoods half sisters

What does Maryanne get caught in , causing her to slip break her ankle ?
the rain
The rain .

What does Maryanne break after slipping in the rain ?
her ankle
Her ankle

Where is Barton Cottage ?
Devonshire
It is in Devonshire .

Who s guest are the Steele s when they come to London ?
John & Fanny s
John and Fanny Dashwood

What does Willoughby reveal to Elinor about his love for Maryanne ?
It is genuine
It was genuine .

What did Willoughby feel he had to marry for ?
Money
money

What happens to Norland Park once Mr. Henry Dashwood dies ?
It is passed inherited directly by his only son .
His only son John inherited it .

Why is Mrs. Dashwood in a hurry to move her and her daughters out of Norland Park ?
Because of the unwelcoming behavior of John Dashwood s wife , Fanny .
They are being treated poorly .

Where do Mrs. Dashwood and her daughters move ?
To Barton Cottage in Devonshire .
Barton Cottage in Devonshire .

Why does Mr. Willoughby visit Elinore while Marianne is ill ?
To repent and declare that his love for Marianne was genuine .
to confess his true love for Marianne

How does Marianne decide to respond to Willoughby s return ?
She decides that Willoughby is unsuitable for her and models her behavior after Elinore s conduct .
She sees she could never be happy with Willoughby .

Why was Edward disinherited ?
Because of his intended marriage to Lucy .
his behavior towards Mrs. Williams

What happens between Edward and Lucy after Edward is disinherited ?
Lucy favors his brother Robert for his inheritance and marries him instead .
Lucy abandoned Edward to talk to another wealthy man

Who does Marianne come to love and marry ?
Colonel Brandon .
Colonel Brandon

Who does Elinore come to marry ?
Edward .
Edward .

Who does Mrs. Jennings take Elinore and Marianne to the country to go visit ?
Mrs. Jennings second daughter .
her second daughter

When his father , Henry Dashwood , dies , what does John Dashwood inherit ?
He inherits the family home , Norland Park .
his father house and Norland Park

Why do Mrs. Dashwood and her daughters feel compelled to move away from Norland Park ?
John s wife Fanny offends Mrs. Dashwood by implying her daughter is money-hungry .
they are treated poorly by John and his wife , Fanny

Which Dashwood daughter captures the affection of Edward Ferrars ?
Elinor Dashwood
Lucy

What relation is Edward Ferrars to Fanny Dashwood ?
He is her brother .
her brother

Why does Marianne reject the notion of Colonel Brandon s affection in the beginning ?
Marianne believes Colonel Brandon is an old bachelor with no interest in love .
She sees him as an old bachelor that ca n't love .

Who comes to Marianne s aide when she slips and sprains her ankle ?
John Willoughby
John Willoughby helps her .

To whom was Edward Ferrars secretly engaged for four years ?
Lucy Steele
Elinor

When Edward is disinherited , how does Colonel Brandon offer assistance ?
Colonel Brandon offers Edward the position in the Delaford parsonage .
he marries Marianne

When news of Lucy marrying Mr. Ferrars reaches Elinor , how does she react ?
Elinor grieves because she was in love with Edward Ferrars .
She grieves .

To whom did Lucy Steele eventually marry ?
Robert Ferrars , Edward s brother .
Robert Ferrars .

