How old is the boy living on Earth ?
10 .
10 years old .

What tore the Earth away from the Sun ?
A passing dark star .
A dark star

What caused the Earth s atmosphere to freeze ?
The loss of solar heating .
Lack of solar heating .

Who did the boy s father work with to construct a large shelter ?
Other scientists .
group of scientists

What did the father call the smaller shelter he built for his family ?
The Nest .
the Nest

How do they maintain a breathable atmosphere in the Nest ?
By thawing frozen oxygen over a fire .
pails of froze4n oxygen and melting over fire

Where are the group of survivors from that found them ?
Los Alamos .
Los Alamos .

What are the Los Alamos survivors using to provide heat ?
Nuclear power .
Nuclear power .

What are they using to search for other survivors ?
Rockets .
Rockets

Where are plans being made to establish uranium-mining colonies ?
Great Shave Lake or in the Congo region .
in the Congo Region

What has happened to Earth at the beginning of the story ?
Earth has been torn away from the sun and is now frozen .
it was town away from the sun

Where does the boy live ?
In a large shelter his father constructed .
The Nest

What other ailments is the Earth experiencing ?
The earth experiences earthquakes , which destroy the shelter .
loss of solar heating

How does the boy and his family breath ?
They retrieve pails of frozen oxygen they thaw over a fire .
Thawing pails of frozen oxygen over a fire

How have the people of Los Alamos survived ?
They are using nuclear power to provide them heat .
nuclear power

How have the people of Los Alamos found other survivors ?
They have launched rockets to serve for survivors .
using rockets

Where have other survivors been located ?
Other survivors are found at Argonne , Brookhaven , Harwell and Tann Tuva .
Los Alamos

What caused the Earth to be torn away from the Sun ?
A dark star passed by the Earth .
a dark star passing by

What caused the Earth s atmosphere to freeze ?
The loss of heat from the sun .
It was torn away from the sun because it passed a Dark Star

Who narrates the story ?
A ten year old boy .
a boy who is ten

What was the name of the shelter the boy and his father lived in ?
The Nest .
the Nest

How do the members of The Nest maintain a breathable atmosphere ?
By thawing frozen oxygen over fire .
By thawing pails of frozen oxygen over a fire

How do people search for other survivors in the story ?
By using rockets .
By the use of rockets .

What are the survivors planning on mining in the future ?
Uranium
Uranium .

How do the other survivors get heat ?
Nuclear power
Nuclear energy

What happened to the previous shelter the boy s father helped create ?
It was destroyed by earthquakes .
It was destroyed by the earthquake .

Where will the survivors mine uranium in the future ?
Great Slave Lake or the Congo .
Great Slave Lake or in the Congo region

