Who is Sara s love interest in college ?
Stephen .
Stephen

Who is Sara s college roommate ?
Rebecca .
Rebecca

Why does Rebecca threaten to kill Tracy ?
She wants her to stay away from Sara .
she wo n't stay away from Sara

How does Rebecca kill Cuddles the cat ?
She puts her in the dryer .
Putting Cuddles in the dryer

Why does Sara decide to spend Thanksgiving with Rebecca ?
She feels bad for her .
She feels bad for her .

What does Rebecca plan to do to the professor ?
Seduce him and record it to make it look like he was raping her .
Seduce him and convict him of rape

What kind of medication is Rebecca supposed to be taking ?
Xyprexa .
Zyprexa

Where do Irene and Rebecca make out at ?
In the clubs bathroom .
A club .

What does Rebecca do to Jason at the hotel ?
Stabs him to death .
Stabs him to death .

How does Sara kill Rebecca ?
With a box cutter .
Stabbing her in the back with a razor blade

Who is Sara Matthew s love interest ?
Her love interest is Stephen .
Stephen .

What was Sara s older sister s name ?
Emily
Emily .

Who is obsessed with Sara ?
Rebecca
Rebecca

Who did Rebecca attach in the shower ?
Tracy
Tracy

How did Cuddles the cat die ?
Rebecca put Cuddles in the dryer .
Rebecca puts her in the dryer .

What was Rebecca supposed to take medication for ?
bipolar and schizophrenia
Schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .

Who s name did Rebecca have tattooed on her chest ?
Sara s sister Emily s name .
Sara s sister

When Sara packed all her things , what was missing ?
Her sister Emily s necklace .
Her sister s necklace

Who did Rebecca kill in a hotel ?
Jason
Jason

Who killed Rebecca ?
Sara
Sarah

What happens between Rebecca and Tracy in the shower ?
Rebecca attacks Tracy , rips out her belly button ring and tells her to stay away from Sara .
Rebecca attacks her and rips out her belly button ring .

What does Tracy do after her encounter with Rebecca in the shower ?
She moves to another dorm in fear of Rebecca .
Moves to another dorm

What happens to Cuddles ?
Rebecca kills Cuddles by putting it in the dryer .
Rebecca kills her

Why does Sara spend Thanksgiving with Rebecca ?
Because Rebecca says that she was attacked by a thug and Sara ends up feeling bad for her .
She feels bad for her .

What does Rebecca tell Sara about her cat ?
Rebecca tells Sara that her cat ran away .
That the kitty ran away

What do Rebecca s parents find out about Rebecca s medication ?
They find a full bottle of Zyprexa , meaning that she has n't been taking them .
It s used to treat schitzophrenia

Why does Sara move in with Irene ?
Sara discovers that Rebecca is on a medication for schizophrenia but is not taking her medication .
She realizes that Rebecca is obsessed with her

What does Rebecca do that causes Sara to pack her belongings and leave ?
Rebecca gets a tattoo of Sara s sister s name on her breast .
She got Sara s sister s name tattooed .

What happens to Jason after Rebecca discovers the note he left Sara ?
Rebecca impersonates Sara by dying her hair and using Sara s sister s necklace and tattoo , and stabs Jason to death .
he is killed

How does Rebecca die ?
After Rebecca picks up Sara to strangle her , Sara stabs Rebecca in the back with a boxcutter .
Sara stabs her with a boxcutter

