What is anterograde amnesia ?
An inability to store recent memories .
A disease that makes you unable to store recent memories .

What is Leonard Shelby s profession ?
He is an insurance investigator .
insurance investigator

How did Sammy Jankis ' wife die ?
An overdose of insulin injections .
Overdose .

What is Natalie s profession ?
She is a bartender .
A bartender

Why does Natalie resent Leonard when they meet ?
Because Leonard is driving the car and wearing the clothes of her boyfriend .
Because he wears the clothes and drives the car of Jimmy , her boyfriend .

What is Teddy s full name ?
John Edward Gammell .
John Edward Gammell

What is Teddy s profession ?
He is an undercover officer .
Undercover officer

What is Leonard s tattoo of ?
John G s license plate number .
John G s license plate .

How does Leonard kill Jimmy ?
Leonard strangles Jimmy .
Strangulation .

What is the cause of Leonard s amnesia ?
Leonard is clubbed by the second of two attackers who raped and killed his wife .
attacked by two men

What is Leonard diagnosed with after his attack ?
Anterograde amnesia .
Anterograde amnesia .

What happened during the attack at the beginning of the story ?
Leonard s wife was raped and murdered and one of the attackers escaped .
Leonard gets amnesia

What does Leonard use to help him in his investigation to find the second attacker ?
Notes , Polaroids , and tattoos .
He gets Teddy s license plate number tattooed on himself

Why did Sammy Jankis kill his wife ?
He suffers from the same condition as Leonard and did it accidentally .
He had amnesia and did n't remember giving her insulin already .

Why does the bartender Natalie dislike Leonard ?
He drives her boyfriends car and wears his clothes .
He has the same clothes and car as her boyfriend .

Who does Leonard kill in an abandoned building ?
Natalie s boyfriend Jimmy .
He kills Teddy .

Who is Teddy ?
An undercover officer who was trying to help find out name of the second attacker .
An undercover police officer .

How has Teddy been using Leonard for his own personal benefit ?
He s been having Leonard kill different people for over a year .
So Leonard would kill troublesome people .

What does Teddy tell Leonard about Sammy s story ?
That Leonard is actually Sammy .
It s actually Leonard s story

How does Leonard plan on killing Teddy ?
By tattooing his license plate number on his arm to convince himself that he is the second attacker .
Shooting him

What does Leornard suffer from ?
Anterograde amnesia .
Amnesia .

What does Leonard believe his attackers name is ?
John or James
John G .

How does Sammy s wife die ?
She overdoses on insulin .
She overdoses on insulin .

How does Teddy die ?
Leonard kills him .
Leonard kills him

What type of camera does Leonard use to help with his memory ?
Polaroid .
Polaroid

What is Teddy s real name ?
John Edward Gammell .
John Edward Gammell

What does Leonard have tattoed on his body ?
Teddy s drives licence number .
Teddy s license plate number .

Who does Leonard strangle in the abandoned building ?
Jimmy .
Jimmy

What does Natalie work as ?
Bartender .
A bartender

What does Teddy reveal to Leonard about Sammy ?
That Leonard is Sammy and he repressed the memory to escape his guilt .
Sammy is Leonard

