Where is Adam Salton originally from ?
He is from Australia .
Australia .

What did Richard Salton contacted Adam Salton for ?
To establish a relationship between the last two members of the family .
To begin a relationship .

Where was Richard Salton s house to which Adam Salton traveled to ?
In Mercia , Lesser Hill
Mercia , Lesser Hill

What was the giant kite for ?
To scare away pigeons that attacked Edgar Caswall fields .
To scare pigeons .

For what did Adam Salton buy a mongoose ?
For hunting down the snakes he discovered on the property .
To kill the black snakes .

What is the White Worm ?
A giant snake like creature that lives in a pit in Arabella s house .
The White Worm is a snake-like monster that lives in a pit and eats anything thrown to it

Whose murder by Arabella did Adam Salton witness ?
The murder of the African servant , Oolanga .
The servant Oolanga .

Who is Sir Nathaniel de Salis ?
A friend of Richard Salton who hunts down Arabella
Richard Salton s friend who is plotting with Adam to stop Arabella

How was Adam Salton planning to kill the White Worm ?
Pouring sand into the pit and using dynamite .
Blow it up with dynamite .

How was Diana s Grove destroyed ?
Lightning ignites the dynamite that Adam Salton brought .
lightning ignites the dynamite that had been planted to kill the White Worm

What does Richard want for Adam ?
To be his heir
To make him his heir .

What does Edward Caswell want to recreate ?
Mesmerism
mesmerism

What does Edward Caswell use to scare away pigeons ?
A kite shaped like a hawk
a kite shaped like a hawk

What does Adam purchase to kill snakes on his property ?
A mongoose
a mongoose

What does Arabella do when the mongoose attacks her ?
Shoots it
she shoots it

Who does Arabella murder ?
Oolanga
Oolanga an African .

Who witnesses the murder of Oolanga ?
Adam
Adam

Who do Adam , Richard , and Nathaniel suspect Arabella wants to kill ?
Mimi Watford
Mimi Watford .

Who does Adam marry ?
Mimi Watford
Mimi Watford

What color are the White Worm s eyes ?
Green
The White Worm has green eyes that glow .

Who is the antagonist in the story ?
Arabella
Arabella

How is Adam related to Richard ?
Richard is Adam s great-uncle
richard is his great uncle

Why does Richard initially contact Adam ?
He wants to make Adam his heir
So they can establish a relationship

What lives in a hole at Arabella s house ?
the White Worm
A large monster snake .

What does Adam buy to get rid of the black snakes he found ?
a mongoose
a mongoose

What does Caswall have to scare away pigeons ?
a kite shaped like a hawk
A kite in the shape of a hawk .

What was Adam s plan to kill the White Worm ?
sand and dynamite in its pit
Sand and dynamite .

How is the White Worm defeated ?
a lightning storm ignites the dyamite
sand is poured into its pit to trap it , and then dynamite is used to kill it

Who is killed by Arabella when she drags him into the pit ?
the servant , Oolanga
Oolanga .

When does the story take place ?
1860
1860 .

Why did Richard Salton contact Adam Salton in 1860 ?
To establish their relationship , since they are the last two members of their family and he wants to make Adam his heir .
Richard Salton wanted to reconnect with Adam Salton , his last known relative .

Where did Adam go to meet Richard Salton ?
Richard s house in Mercia , Lesser Hill .
The town named Mercia .

What is mesmerism ?
It s a precursor to hypnotism .
The precursor to hypnotism .

What did Adam do to get rid of the black snakes on the property ?
He bought a mongoose to take them out .
buys a mongoose

How did Arabella murder Oolanga ?
She dragged him down to this hole or pit .
by dragging him into a pit

Who is the friend of Richard Salton who Adam worked with to stop Arabella ?
Sir Nathaniel de Salis
Sir Nathaniel de Salis

What did Adam and Nathaniel de Salis suspect about Arabella ?
That Arabella wants to murder Mimi Watford .
That she wants to murder Mimi Watford .

To which character was Nathaniel de Salis compared to ?
Van Helsing
Nathaniel is compared to Van Helsing .

What was the White Worm seeking to do as it went out of the pit ?
It sought to kill Adam and Mimi in the forest .
Attack Adam and Mimi .

What happened to Diana s Grove in the end ?
A thunderstorm and lightning destroyed it .
lightning during a thunderstorm ignites dynamite

Why does Adam Salton decide he needs to buy mongooses to set loose upon the property ?
There are black snakes on his property .
to get rid of the black snakes

Why does Richard Salton wish to contact his nephew Adam ?
He wants to make him his heir to his estate .
Richard Salton wants to get to know Adam his last know relative , and make Adam his heir .

How does Adam want to kill White Worm ?
He plans to fill the pit full of sand and blow the White Worm up with dynamite .
By pouring sand into the pit and using dynamite

What finally is the reason for Diana s Grove destruction ?
A thunderstorm arrives and lightning strikes the dynamite .
lightning ignited the dynamite brought there to kill the White Worm

What action does Arabella take to show she is evil ?
She killed the servant .
She kills a mongoose with her bare hands .

What does Caswall have to scare off the crazed pigeons that are attacking his fields ?
He has a giant hawk-shaped kite .
a giant hawk-shaped kite

Who teams up with Adam to hunt down Arabella to stop her ?
Sir Nathaniel de Salis .
Sir Nathaniel de Salis

Before visiting his uncle , where was Adam Salton originally from ?
Adamn Salton was originally from Australia .
Australia

Where does the White Worm live ?
In a giant pit inside of Arabella s house .
in a pit in Arabella s house in Diana s Grove

Who does Adam and Sir Nathaniel suspect that Arabella wants to murder next ?
Mimi Watford .
Mimi Watford .

