After the pioneers leave Basilica what is the struggle they face in their new world ?
They are struggling to set up a new social order .
to establish a new social order

In their previous society which sex was dominant ?
Females were dominant in Basilica .
female

What was the expectation regarding marriage in the social order at Basilica ?
People honored yearly contracts .
Lifelong marriages

Who are Nafai and Elemak ?
They are sons of the leader Volemak .
The sons of Volemak

What do the people that follow Elemak want to do about social order ?
They want to go back to the civilization they had on Basilica even though it is doomed .
Start a new social order unlike that of previous societies

Who leads the group of people who have faith in the Oversoul ?
That group is led by Nafai .
Nafai

Where does this group of settlers eventually hope to arrive ?
They want to live on Earth .
Earth .

Which ancient social structures are the new order based on ?
They are patterned after ancient Hebrew Tribes described in Genesis .
powerful female characters succumb to new hierachy of men and wives

What role does Shedemei have as the settlers move forward ?
Shedemei is a geneticist who ponders what the settlers are trying to do .
Geneticist - has to think about the social structure .

What figures are in the prophetic dreams the characters in the story have ?
The figures are rats and bats which are called diggers and angels .
diggers and angels

Where did the pioneers flee from ?
Basilica .
Basillica

What is one difference between the new society and the old society ?
It is male dominated .
Life long monogamous marriages instead of yearly contracts .

Who are the two sons of Volemak ?
Elemak , and Nafai .
Nafai and Elemak

Nafai s faction has faith in what ?
The Oversoul .
the Oversoul

Elemak leads the faction that wants what ?
To return to Basilica .
To return to Basilica .

After years of traveling the settlers come to a land lost in ancient times that holds what secret ?
The secret of the Oversoul .
secret of the Oversoul

Who is the leader of the settlers ?
Volemak .
Nafai

What are diggers and angels ?
Giant rats , and bats .
Giant rats and bats

What kind of dreams abound ?
Prophetic dreams .
Giant rats and bats .

What does the Oversoul discover ?
Itself .
itself

What is the name of sons of volemak ?
nafai and elemak are two sons of volemak .
Nafai and Elemak

Who does nafai lead ?
nafai leads the faction who have faith in the oversoul .
the faction who have faith in the Oversoul

Who does elemak lead ?
elemak leads to the faction who desperately wants to return to the civilisation of doomed basilica .
The faction that want to return to Basilica .

Where did the settlers reach ?
they arrive in a land lost of ancient times .
Oversoul .

What secret does the land of ancient times hold ?
the land of ancient times hold the secret of oversoul .
the Oversoul

What does the oversoul discovers ?
porphetic dreams abound and the mostly involving giant rats and bats .
Itself .

Why is the focus on group dynamics ?
the focus is on group dynamics of the new tribe as it is the journey where the oversoul guides them .
The Oversoul guides them

Why are many children born ?
they are born for their journey to earth .
In preparation for going to Earth .

How is new society opposite to previous society ?
the new society is male dominated instead of female dominated and life long marriages instead of yearly contract marriages
It is male dominated .

Who thinks about the problem of hierarchy ?
shedemei thinks about this problem she is a brilliant genecist .
Shedemei

