Who raised Penguin ?
A flock of penguins at the zoo .
penguins

Why was Penguin given access to the Gotham City Archives ?
He rescued the mayor s son .
He rescued the Mayor s son .

How did Catwoman survive after Batman knocked her off a building ?
She landed on a truck of kitty litter .
Fell into a truck of kitty litter .

What is Selina s secret identity ?
She is Catwoman .
Catwoman

When did Bruce and Selina deduce each other s secret identities ?
At a masqueradde ball hosted by Shreck .
At a masquerade ball

Where did Batman broadcast a recording that destroyed Penguin s image ?
At a press conference .
At a press conference

How did Catwoman kill Shreck ?
She caused an explosion .
She kisses him while holding an exposed power cable , causing an explosion .

What happens to the Penguin before he is able to kill Batman ?
He dies .
Batman disables the control device .

Who s shadow did Bruce see while Alfred is driving him home ?
Catwoman s shadow .
Catwoman s .

What does Bruce decide to do wit the stray black cat he finds in the end ?
He takes it home .
Take it home

What do Tucker and Esther do with their deformed infant son ?
They throw him into the gotham river .
Throw him in gotham river

Who discovers the body of the deformed child ?
A flock of penguins .
A flock of penguins .

What does Shreck do to Selina to protect his secrets ?
He pushes her out of a window .
Push her out the office window

How does Catwoman survive the fall after her encounter with Batman ?
She falls into a truck full of kitty litter .
Her fall is broken by a rooftop greenhouse

How does Batman destroy the penguins public image ?
He plays a recording that shows penguin insulting the citizens of Gotham .
He records the Penguin mocking the people of Gotham .

What does the device that penguins goons plant in the Batmobile do ?
It lets penguin control the Batmobile .
Allows Penguin to control it .

What does Bruce do with the stray black cat he finds ?
He takes it home .
Takes it home .

How does Shreck die ?
Selina kills him by kissing him while holding onto an exposed power cable .
He shoots himself .

Who does Shreck want Penguins henchmen attempt to kidnap ?
The mayors infant son .
The Mayor s infant son .

What is Selina and Penguins plan to ruin Batman s reputation ?
By framing him for the abduction of Gotham s ice princess beauty queen .
They are going to frame him for abducting the Ice Princess , Gotham s beauty queen

Why is Oswald thrown into the Gotham RIver ?
He is deformed as an infant .
He was deformed

What did Oswald s parents fear for Oswald ?
He would be a menace to society .
He would be a menace to society

Who does Oswald later become ?
The Penguin .
The Penguin .

Who does Selina Kyle later become after being swarmed by cats ?
Catwoman .
Catwoman

What two villains join forces against Batman ?
Penguin and Catwoman .
Catwoman and penguin

What does Batman realize about the Penguin ?
He was controlling the Batmobile .
He was controlling the Batmobile .

Who is kidnapped by one of Penguin s men ?
The mayor s son .
The Mayor s son .

What does Batman do at the press conference ?
Batman broadcasts the recording of the Penguin insulting the people of Gotham City .
Broadcast the recording of penguin .

How does Catwoman kill Shrek ?
Putting a taser to her lips and kisses Shrek while grabbing an exposed cable wire .
electrocution

Who s shadow does Bruce think he sees at the end ?
Catwoman .
Catwoman s shadow

