Where does the protagonist live ?
In Norway s capital , Kristiania .
Norway

With whom does the young man share intimate moments with ?
A young woman named Ylajali .
Ylajali

What is the root of the young man s self-destructive behavior ?
He follows a self-created code of chivalry , giving away his belongings and turning himself in .
Nervousness

What important item did the man almost eat out of hunger ?
His pencil .
His own pencil .

Whom does the man blame for his misfortunes ?
God , and a divine world order .
God or a divine world order

After much misfortune , what victory does the man accomplish ?
He sells some of his writing to a newspaper .
He signed on to the crew of a ship .

How does the man end up spending the night in a prison cell ?
He poses as a journalist who got locked out of his home .
posing as a person who lost his keys

What is the man haunted by ?
He is haunted by his anxiety , as well as irrational details
nervousness

How does the man feel towards society ?
He has no ill feelings towards it and does n't blame it for his misfortunes .
Non-hostile .

How does the man leave the city ?
He signs on to a ship crew .
On a ship .

What is the name of the woman our character has a physical relationship with ?
Ylajali
Ylajali

What job does our character take at the end of the story ?
Crew member of a ship leaving the city
crewman on a ship

What does our character pose as when he spends the night in a jail cell ?
A well-to-do journalist
Journalist

How does our character find the prospsect of continuing writing ?
Increasingly difficult
he has difficulty writing

What does our character vow to remain ?
A foreigner in life
A foreigner in life .

What causes our character to have artistic and financial triumph ?
Selling a text to a newspaper
Sells a story

What does our character blame his fate on ?
God , or a divine world order
God .

What did our character almost eat when he was overwhelmed by hunger ?
His pencil
his pencil

Where is this vagrent wandering ?
The streets of Kristianaia/Oslo
noraways capital kristiania

How old is our main character , roughly ?
Probably in his late twenties
Late twenties .

Where does the vagrant begin his journey ?
Kristiania ( Oslo ) , the capital of Norway .
noraway

Who is Ylajali to the vagrant ?
A young woman who he engages in physical intimacy with .
A romantic interest .

Why does the vagrant find himself in Kristiania ?
In search of nourishment .
Nourishment

Why does the vagrant begin to fade away ?
A lack of self preservation .
He was overwhelmed by hunger .

What important object did the vagrant almost eat ?
His own pencil .
His own pencil .

Who does the vagrant blame for the state of his life ?
God .
God

What is the first victory of the vagrant ?
Selling an article to a newspaper .
He sells a text to a newspaper .

Why did the vagrant spend the night in a prison cell ?
He posed as a journalist who need a place to stay .
He asked to spend the night there .

Why does the vagrant refuse to eat the free breakfast ?
He refuses to admit he has no money .
his self-created code of chivalry

What is the last time we know the vagrant s location ?
When he signs on to a ship leaving the city .
when he boards the ship

