Who is Hermann the son of ?
A wealthy innkeeper
Wealthy innkeeper

What does Hermann s father do at the end of the story ?
Allows the pharmacist and priest to see if Dorothea is worthy
agrees to let Hermann marry Dorthea

What side of the river do the refugees seek refuge in ?
Eastern
eastern side

How does Hermann s father feel towards his decision about Dorothea ?
Disappointed
Against it at first , but opens up to the idea of it at the end .

What do the uttered verses say ?
Let children be who they will be
That parents can not control their children s life

Where is Hermann found by his mother ?
Corner of the garden
In a distant corner of their garden .

Why is Hermann s father not supportive of Hermann s love for Dorothea ?
She is not wealthy
She is not from a respected or wealthy family .

Where did Hermann and Dorothea meet ?
On Hermann s way to refugee camp
on Hermann s way to a refugee camp

Why is Hermann going to the refugee camp ?
To bring clothes and provisions from his mother
To take them food and clothes .

Why does Hermann s father resign to trying to accept dorothea ?
His wife s emotions and his neighbor s convincing
He is persuaded by his wife and his friends .

Who overwhelmed Hermann ?
Dorothea
his father

How did Hermann s father want him to choose a wife ?
From local wealthy families with generous dowries
from a respected and wealthy family

What did Hermann s mother send him to do at the start of the story ?
Distribute food and clothing to refugees
To distribute food and clothes to the refugees

Where are the refugees fleeing from ?
The western side of the Rhine
Their village on the west side of the Rhine River .

Who helped Hermann s father find information on Dorothea ?
The pharmacist and the priest
his friend the pharmacist and the priest

How did his mother promise to help Hermann ?
By helping him get his father s permission
to convince his father to let him marry Dorthea

Who most appreciated Hermann s need to follow his heart ?
Hermann s mother
His mother

Where does this story take place ?
A small town near Mainz
A small town near Mainz .

What did Hermann ask Dorothea to do ?
Distribute his family s donations to her fellow refugees
distribute the food and clothes to refugees

What does Hermann s father think his son s issue is ?
Lack of ambition
Lack of ambition

Why is Hermann traveling to a nearby camp ?
He is donating supplies to refugees .
clothes and food to refugees

What is Dorothea s occupation ?
Maid .
She is a maid .

Why is Hermann s father opposed to Hermann marrying Dorothea ?
She is poor .
her family is poor

What are some characteristics that Hermann find attractive in Dorothea ?
Beauty , courage , compassion .
Courage , compassion , and beauty

Who does Hermann fall in love with ?
Dorothea .
Dorothea

Which three people help persuade Hermann s dad to give Dorothea a chance ?
Hermann s mom , pharmacist , priest .
His mother , the town s pharmacist , and the parish priest .

How does the pharmacist and priest propose to assess Dorothea s character ?
Ask the refugees about her .
The pharmacist and priest will question people who live in the same village as Dorothea and collect the answers

Hermann expresses that if he does n't marry Dorothea , he will what ?
Remain a bachelor .
stay single

Who were the refugees fleeing from ?
French Revolutionary army .
French revolutionary troops .

Which river did the refugees cross to find safety ?
Rhine river .
Rhine river

