In the beginning of the story , what were the three rules that the shop owner s grandson warned should not be broken ?
The mogwai should not be exposed to bright light or sunlight because it will be killed , it should not get wet and it should not be fed after midnight .
Do not let the mogwai get wet , no feeding after midnight , and no bright lights or sun exposure .

What was english name for mogwai ?
The english name means monster .
Monster .

Where was the town that the mogwai was taken to ?
Kingston Falls
Kingston Falls

How many mogwai are created after water is splled over Gizmo s back ?
Five
five

What did the cocoons hatch into ?
Mischevious reptilian gremlins
mischevious , reptilian Gremlins

After their cocoon hatched , what three actions did the mischievous Gremlins perform ?
They tortured Gizmo , tried to murder Billy s mother , and killed Hanson .
Torture Gizmo , try to murder Billy s mother , and kill Hanson

How was the massive army of Gremlins created at the YMCA ?
Stripe jumped into the YMCA swimming pool .
A Gremlin jumped into a pool and spawned them .

Where were the gremlins when the town fell silent ?
In the movie theater watching Snow White .
Watching Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .

What happened at the Montgomery Ward that stopped Stripe from spawning more gremlins ?
A skylight was opened
Gizmo exposes Stripe to sunlight .

At the end of the story , what was the audience warned to do ?
Check for gremlins if things are going wrong
Check their house if things go wrong because there might be gremlins causing the trouble

What is Randall Pelzer s profession ?
An inventor .
An inventor

Where does Randall Pelzer go to look for a Christmas gift for his son Billy ?
An antique shop located in Chinatown .
A Chinatown antique store .

When should a mogwai not be fed ?
After midnight .
After midnight

What will very bright lights/sunlight do to a mogwai ?
Kill it .
Kill them .

What does Randall name the first mogwai ?
Gizmo .
Gizmo .

What happens when Billy s friend Pete overturns a glass on water on Gizmo ?
Five new mogwai are spawned from his back .
Five more mogwai spawn from his back .

What is the name of the town where Randall Pelzer lves ?
Kingston Falls .
Kingston Falls

What does Stripe s gang trick Billy into doing ?
They trick Billy into giving them food after twelve a.m .
Feeding them after midnight .

What does his Gremlin do to Mr. Hanson ?
His Gremlin kills Mr. Hanson .
Kills him .

How does Stripe spawn a multitude of Gremlins ?
He jumps into a swimming pool at the local WMCA .
by climbing into a fountain

What will kill a mogawi ?
Bright lights or Sunlight would kill a mogawi
Bright lights or sunlight .

What happens when a mogawi gets wet ?
It multiplies into more mogawi
many more mogwai are spawned off the one that got wet

What did Stripe create at the YMCA pool ?
Stripe created an army of Gremlins
An army of gremlins

What finally kills Stripe ?
Gizmo letting the sunlight in through the sunroof kills Stripe
sunlight streaming through a skylight

Who is Randall Peltzer ?
Randall is Billy s Dad
Billy s Dad

Who owns the antique store in China town ?
Mr. WIng is the owner
Mr. Wing .

Who is Billy s girlfriend ?
Kate Beringer is billy s girlfriend
Kate Beringer .

Who left with Gizmo in the aftermath of the Gremlins rampage ?
Mr. Wing took Gizmo
Mr. Wing

What were the Gremlins are watching in the theatre ?
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .

What is Billy s dog named ?
Barney is Billy s dog .
Barney

