Why does Pollyanna Whittier go to live in Beldingsville , Vermont ?
Because she is an orphan who must move there to live with her aunt .
To live with her mother s sister

What is the name of Pollyanna s aunt ?
Aunt Polly .
Polly

How is Aunt Polly kin to Pollyanna ?
Aunt Polly is the sister of Pollyanna s mother .
She is her mother s sister

What is the name of the game that Pollyanna learned from her father ?
The Glad Game .
The glad game

What was the good side of Pollyanna receiving crutches instead of a doll for Christmas ?
Because Pollyanna did not need the crutches .
She did n't need them

Which room in Aunt Polly s house is given to Pollyanna ?
The stuffy attic room .
The attic

What is the name of Aunt Polly s servant ?
The servant s name is Nancy .
Nancy

What happens when Pollyanna is struck by an automobile ?
Pollyanna loses the use of her legs .
She becomes paralyzed

Who does Aunt Polly marry ?
Her former lover Dr. Chilton .
Dr. Chilton

What does Pollyanna find to be glad about her attic room ?
The lovely view she has from such a high window .
She had a beautiful view .

Who does Pollyanna go live with in Beldingsville ?
Her aunt Polly .
Aunt Polly

What is the name of the game Pollyanna uses to cheer herself ?
The Glad Game .
The Glad Game

Why does Aunt Polly allow Pollyanna to stay with her ?
She feels it is her Christian duty .
She feels obligated to her dead sister

Who does Aunt Polly marry at end of the story ?
Dr. Chilton .
Her lover Dr. Chilton .

Who taught Pollyanna to play the Glad Game ?
Her father .
her father

What causes Pollyanna to lose the use of her legs ?
She s hit by a car .
She is hit by a car

In what room must Pollyanna eat bread and milk when Aunt Polly punishes her ?
The kitchen .
In the kitchen

What kind of house does Mr. Pendleton have ?
A mansion .
A cluttered mansion .

Why was Pollyanna glad to crutches from the missionary at Christmas ?
Because she did n't need to use them .
She took her father s advice , that she should be glad that she did n't need to use them .

What is the name of the servant who eats in the kitchen with Pollyanna ?
Kate
Nancy

What is the Glad Game ?
A game where Pollyanna challenges herself to find something to be glad about in any situation .
Finding the good in everything , even the bad

What happens to test Pollyanna s optimism ?
She is hit by a car and loses the use of her legs .
She was struck by a car , losing use of her legs .

After learning to walk again , what is Pollyanna glad about ?
She appreciates her legs more after having experienced being disabled .
She appreciates the use of her legs .

How does Aunt Polly punish Pollyanna for being late to dinner ?
By making her eat a simple dinner of bread and milk in the servant s kitchen .
She is forced to eat a meal of milk and bread in the kitchen with the servant .

Who calls Aunt Polly s house to offer encouragement ?
The townspeople .
the townspeople

What is the name of Pollyanna s new town ?
Beldingsville .
Beldingsville

Who teaches Pollyanna to play the Glad Game ?
Her father .
Her dad

What was Pollyanna hoping to find in the missionary barrel ?
A doll .
a doll

What did Pollyanna actually find in the missionary barrel ?
A pair of crutches .
a pair of crutches inside the barrel

What did Pollyanna find to be glad about when she only found the pair of crutches ?
That she never had to use them .
That she did not need them

