Who is Gunlod s father ?
The Viking leader Thorfinn .
Thorfinn

Who is Gunlod s mother ?
Valgerd .
Valgerd

Where did Grulod s family live before they moved to Iceland ?
Sweden .
Sweden .

What is Gunnar faith ?
Christian .
Christian

How did Gunnar travel to Iceland ?
By ship .
via ship

What is Thorfinn s faith ?
Pagan .
He is Pagan til he is about to die , at which point he becomes a Christian

When Thorfinn s ship returns from Norway what is the pagan act he asks his daugheter to perform with him ?
To drink from a horn of Odin .
Drinking from the horn of Odin .

Why does the council banish Thorfinn from Iceland ?
Past deeds of theft and murder .
He was banish for theft and murder .

Where is Thorfinn sitting when he dies ?
On his throne .
His throne

What is the weather the night Thorfinn returns home from Norway ?
It is storming .
Stormy

Why is Gunlod s mother grieving for her husband ?
Because of his unloving manner .
he has a hard and unloving manner about him

Where is the story set ?
The story is set in Iceland .
Iceland

What ethnic people is Gunlod a part of ?
Gunlod s people are the Vikings .
Vikings

Before moving to Iceland where did Gunlod live ?
Gunlod had originally came from Sweden .
Sweden

Who is Gunlod s Christian lover ?
Gunlod s Christian lover is Gunnar .
Gunnar .

Why does Gunlod refuse to drink from the Horn of Odin ?
Gunlod refuses to drink from the Horn of Odin because she is a Christian .
she is Christian not pagan

Because of Gunlod s refusal , who gets angry with her ?
Gunlod s father , Thorfinn is the one who had gotten angry .
Thorfinn

After Thorfinn had gotten angry with his daughter , what happens ?
A messenger appears and proclaims that Thorfinn has been banished from Iceland for theft and murder .
He is banished

After this message what happens to Thorfinn ?
Thorfinn engages in battle with a mob of Vikings , and wins but is mortally wounded .
He dies after he defends himself in combat

Thorfinn does what as he dies ?
Thorfinn had accepted Christianity and accepts Gunnar as part of the family .
Accepts the Christian religion and blesses the union of Gunlod and Gunnar

What is the setting ?
Viking era Iceland
Iceland

Who is the main protagonist ?
Gunlod
Gunlรถd

What struggle plays throughout the story ?
The struggle of identity , or whether or not Gunlod remains pagan or becomes Christian
religious struggles

Who is Gunlod s romantic interest ?
Gunnar
Gunnar

Where has Gunnar been for years ?
Fighting in the Crusades
on a crusade in the Holy Land

How does Thorfinn react when Gunlod confesses her renouncement of paganism ?
He is angered by his daughter
He is angry

What were Thorfinn s crimes ?
Past deeds of theft and murder
Theft and murder

What are the options given to Thorfinn from the council ?
Leave Iceland or defend himself in battle
He must be banished or defend himself in combat .

What happens to Thorfinn at the end of the story ?
He defeats his enemies , but is mortally wounded ?
He dies on his throne , after speaking words to indicate that he has accepted Christianity .

What is the main theme that the audience is left with ?
Forgiveness and acceptance
Christianity

