What creature in western folklore is similar to a vetala ?
a vampire
A vampire .

What happens if king Vikrama fails to answer the Vetala s riddle ?
the vetala remains in captivity
The vetela will remain his captive

Why ca n't King Vikrama lie and pretend not to know the answer to one of the Vetala s riddles ?
if he does , his head will burst
His head would burst into a thousand pieces .

How many attempts did it take before the kind captured the vetala ?
25
25

Why did the tantric demand to be able to educate the vetala ?
he needed to make him all-knowing so that he could sacrifice him
So that he could later sacrifice him and gain immortality

Why did the tantric want to sacrifice the vetala ?
to become immortal and all-powerful
The tantric could become immortal and rule the world .

What is a vamachari ?
a tantric sorcerer
a tantic sorcerer

What happens after the king beheads the tanric ?
he is blessed by Lord Indra and Devi Kali
He is blessed

What wish did the king make at the end of the story with regards to the tantric ?
that he come back to life and be cleansed of evil impulses
That he be cleansed of all sins and be a good being once again .

What was King Vikrama s promise ?
To capture a vetala
to capture a vetala

What is a vetala ?
a celestial spirit
Baitel

Why did the Virkrama have to do to capture the vetala ?
Viekrama had to answer the vetala s riddles
He has to not be able to answer a question

What was the condition the vestala s parents made with the tannic inorder to have a son ?
One gets educated but treated badly , the other is well-cared but not well educated
That he be allowed to educate both sons

How was the vetala raised and educated ?
He was taught everything , but was often ill treated
Vetala was raised and educated by a tantric .

What did the Tannic plan to do to Vetala ?
He planned to sacrifice Vetala
The tantric planned to sacrifice him .

Why did the Tannic want to sacrifice Vetala ?
By sacrificing Vetala , the Tannic could become immortal and rule the world
to be immortal

Why did the Tannic want to behead Virkama ?
To gain control of the Vetala
gain control

What does the Vetala suggest Virkama do so the Tannic does not behead him ?
Behead the Tannic first
That he should behead the tantic instead

Vetala offers Virkama a boon , what is Virkama s wish ?
Tannic be cleaned of all sin and Vetala will help the King when needed
That the tantric be cleansed and Vetala come to his aid when needed .

Who does the King Vikrama promise to capture ?
Vetala
vetala

What is the spirit of Pishacha similar to in Western folklore ?
A vampire
Vampire

What does Vetala tell Vikrama to prevent being captured ?
Stories ending in riddles
the tantric is planning to kill them both

How many stories does Vetala tell Vikrama ?
Twenty five
25

How was Vetala treated while growing up ?
Vetala was mistreated
harshly

What was Vetala known as to the tantric ?
The all knowing Kumara
An all-knowing kumara

What is the tantric actually planning to do with Vikrama ?
The tantric wants to behead Vikrama
Sacrifice him

What does Vetala suggest Vikrama do to the tantric ?
behead the tantric
Behead him .

Who blesses Vikrama for beheading the tantric ?
Lord Indra and Devi Kali
Lord Indra and Devi Kali .

What does Vikrama request be cleared of all sin and wrong doing ?
the tantric s heart and mind
The tantric s hear and mind .

