What is Ray Ferrier s occupation ?
Crane Operator Longshoreman
crane operator longshoreman

Where does Ray Ferrier reside ?
Bayonne , New Jersey
Bayonne , NJ

What are the names of Ray Ferrier s kids ?
Rachel and Robbie
Rachel and Robbie

What is the name of Ray Ferrier s former wife ?
Mary Ann
Mary Ann .

What is the name of the war machine emerging fromt he gorund and using alien weaponry to destroy the city ?
Tripod
Tripod

Who provides shelter to Ray and Rachel when they are escaping ?
Harlan Ogilvy
Harlan Ogilvy

Who murders Harlan Ogilvy ?
Ray Ferrier
Ray Ferrier

What were the aliens not immune to ?
Earth s Microbes
The microbes present on Earth

When does Harlan Ogilvy have a mental breakdown ?
When he witnesses a tripod harvesting human tissue and blood to fertilize an alien vegetation
While witnessing an alien harvest a human .

As Rachel and Ray escape , with whom does Robbie go with ?
US Marines
The marines

Who is Ray Ferrier ?
A divorced crane operator longshoreman .
A divorced crane operator .

What begins happening after Mary Ann drops off Ray s children to him ?
Odd weather patterns begin , including lightning strikes that disrupt the power .
The weather begins to change .

What emerges from the ground where the lightning strikes ?
A massive tripod creature , which begins killing people .
The Tripod war machine .

Where does Ray first head for with his children ?
To Mary Ann s home in suburban New Jersey .
Mary Ann s home .

What stops them from heading to that location ?
A Boeing 747 has crashed in the street .
A crashed Boeing 747 .

Where does Ray decide to head with his children next ?
To Boston , so they can be with their mother .
in Boston

What choice does Ray have to face after the ferry sinks in the river ?
To stay with his daughter Rachel or prevent his son Robbie from joining with the Marines to fight the aliens .
Being seperated from Rachel or stopping Robbie from joining the fight

What does Ray do to Harlan Oglivy to protect himself and Rachel ?
He murders Oglivy in order to keep the aliens from discovering them .
Murders him

What happens to Rachel after the second probe discovers their location ?
She is kidnapped by a Tripod , forcing Ray to have to be captured as well .
She is kidnapped by a Tripod .

What happens when Ray and Rachel make it to Boston ?
They discover the aliens are dying and are reunited with Robbie and Mary Ann .
They find Mary Ann and Robbie .

What kills the aliens ?
Earth s air
Microbes on Earth .

Where does Robbie go ?
To fight with the marines
With the Marines .

How long do Ray and Rachel hide in the basement ?
Two Days
Two days

Where is Rachel and Robbie s mother ?
In Boston
In Boston

Where did the aliens attack ?
Major cities
Major cities such as New York , Washington DC , and London .

Why do the aliens harvest human tissue and blood ?
To fee alien vegetation
To fertilize alien vegetation .

What happens to Harlan Ogilvy ?
Ray kills him after he has a mental breakdown
Ray kills him .

How do the probes find Ray and Rachel ?
It finds them while they are sleeping
A second probe catches them sleeping

