What is the name of Phil s friend on the Rose of Devon ?
Will Canty
Will Canty

What is Phil s crew position on the Rose of Devon ?
Boatswain
A boatswain

How does Phil become a member of a pirate crew ?
The Old One captures the Rose of Devon and kills the captain , and the RoD crew joins the pirates to survive .
His ship is captured by the Old One s pirate crew .

Phil attempts to escape from the pirate ship , but is then captured by whom ?
The British Navy
A British war ship

What finally convinces Phil to attempt to escape the pirates ?
His friend Will is executed .
his best friend was killed , Will Canty , by pirates

What is the penalty for being found guilty of piracy ?
Hanging
Death by hanging .

Who stands up for Phil at his trial ?
The Old One
The Old One

Whom does Phil serve after he is acquitted of charges ?
Sir John Bristol
Sir John Bristol

What war does Phil serve in , and on which side ?
English Civil War , the Royalists
Phil is a Royalist in the English Civil War

Where is the last place Phil travels ?
The Barbados
The docks at Bideford .

What led Philip Marsham to leave London ?
A gun accident .
He has an accident with a gun

What ship surprised Phil with its ' appearance in Bideford ?
The Rose of Devon .
The Rose of Devon .

Why was Phil made a boatswain ?
The previous boatswain was killed..
the old boatswain was killed in an accident

What work does Mother Taylor do ?
She is a nexus for illegal activities .
legal mediator

Who is Will Canty ?
Phil s friend on the pirates ' ship .
The other member of the Rose of Devon who is against piracy

What is the Old One s real name ?
Tom Jordan
Tom

On what side of the battle does Sir John Bristol serve ?
The Royalists
The Royalists

Whose forces did Bristol fight ?
Oliver Cromwell s forces .
the forces of Oliver Cromwell

What happened to Phil at trial ?
He was acquitted .
He s acquitted

Why did Phil refuse to testify against the pirates ?
He held his shipmates in honor .
Because they had been his companions .

How old is Philip Marsham when the story begins ?
He is 19 years old .
19

What cause Philip to be Orphaned ?
His father s ship was lost at sea .
His father is lost at sea in a shipwreck

Who was the Old One ?
Tom Jordan .
Tom Jordan .

Mother Taylor arranges for Phil and Martin to have positions on what frigate ?
The Rose of Devon .
Rose of Devon

Though the Old One had claimed to be a fellow sailor when meeting Phil , What was he really ?
A pirate .
He was a pirate .

What position did the Old One allow Phil to keep in order to try to convince him to be a pirate ?
A boatswain .
Boatswain

What happens to Will Canty when he tries to escape and get help ?
The pirates recapture him and torture and kill him .
Canty is tortured and killed .

What happens to Phil when he encounters the British ship after he escapes from the pirates ?
He is arrested along with the other pirates and sent to England for trial .
The British think he is lying and is a pirate spy , so he is arrested

What ended up saving Phil from execution during the trial ?
The Old One s testimony at his trial .
Old One s testimony

When going to the docks to once again leave Phil acquires passage on the Rose of Devon once more , What was their destination ?
The colonies of Barbados .
To the colonies in Barbados .

What is the Old One s real name ?
Tom Jordan
Tom

What is the name of the frigate ?
Rose of Devon
The Rose of Devon

What position is Phil promoted to onboard the frigate ?
boatswain
Boatswain .

What is the Old One s true profession ?
he s a pirate
Pirate

Why does Phil finally flee the ship ?
he sees his friend murdered
he flees because his friend was killed , last straw for him .

What does the captain of the British Warship believe Phil to be ?
a pirate spy
capable

What is to be the punishment of the crew after the trial ?
hanging
Execution

Why does the Old One testify on Phil s behalf ?
he is impressed by Phil s refusal to testify against his crew
Because Phil was courageous and honorable and because he knew the truth that Phil never joined the Pirates

After the trial , who does Phil approach with an offer of servitude ?
Sir John Bristol
Sir John Bristol .

Which side is Phil on during England s civil war ?
the Royalists
The Royalists .

