Where is the unnamed lawyer from ?
Manhattan
Manhattan

What does the two scriveners copy ?
Legal documents
legal documents

What are the names of the two scriveners ?
Nippers and Turkey
Nippers and Tukrey

Who is Bartleby ?
The third scrivener who is hired .
Bartleby is a scrivener .

What is Bartleby s response to every request ?
He would prefer not to do any requests .
i would prefer not to

What does the narrator discover ?
He discovers Bartleby living in his business .
Bartleby lives at the office

Where is Bartleby later taken to in the story ?
He is taken to prison .
The Tombs

What does Bartleby die from ?
He dies from starvation .
depression

Where did Bartleby previously work ?
He worked at a dead letter office .
A dead letter office .

What is the moral of the mentioned dead letters ?
The moral is they lead someone to go to a darker place .
It would make anyone like Bartleby more depressed

Why does a Manhattan lawyer hire Bartleby ?
An increase in business .
To copy legal documents by hand .

What does the lawyer discover when he visits Bartleby s office ?
That he has moved into the office and is living there .
He discovers Bartleby has died of starvation .

How does the lawyer respond when Bartleby refuses to leave the office ?
He decides to move his business to a different location .
He moves his business out .

What happens to Bartleby when a different company moves into the office ?
Bartleby sits on the stairs all day and refuses to leave .
he still wont leave

Where does Bartleby sleep when the new company moves into the building ?
He sleeps in the doorway .
Bartleby sleeps in the building s doorway .

What does the lawyer offer Bartleby when he learns that he is still living in the building ?
He offers Bartleby a place to live .
invites him to live with him

How does Bartleby respond to requests to work and move ?
I would prefer not to .
He says , I would prefer not to .

How does Bartleby end up living in the Tombs ?
He is arrested when he refuses to leave the business building .
He is evicted and imprisoned .

What does the lawyer bribe the guards in the Tomb to do ?
Make sure that Bartleby gets enough food to eat .
Make sure he gets food

How does Bartleby die in the tombs ?
From starvation .
starvation

What are the names of the three employees hired by the narrater to copy legal documents by hand ?
The three employees are Nippers and Turkey and Bartleby .
Nippers , Turkey , and Bartleby

What is the prefered response of Bartleby ?
I would prefer not to .
I would prefer not to .

Where does the Narrator visit Bartleby after he is taken away ?
In the tombs .
the Tombs

What did Bartleby die from ?
Starvation
Bartleby died from starvation .

What pushed Bartleby into a darker frame of mind ?
Working in a dead letter office .
the dead letter office

What were the temperaments of Nipper and Turkey ?
They had iracible temperaments .
irascible

Where did Bartleby live after being hired ?
He moved into the office he worked at .
In the office

When Batleby started working for the narrator , was he a high performer ?
He did high quality and high quantity work .
Yes

What happened to Nippers and Turkey ?
The narrator or writer never explains in this passage .
They became irritated .

Who did the narrator evict ?
The narrator evicted himself and moved the business because he could n't bring himself to evict Bartleby .
himself and his business

