What is the name of the estate owned by the Treverton s ?
Porthgenna Tower
Porthgenna Tower

Who is Rosamud Treverton s mother ?
Sarah Leeson
Sarah Leeson

Who is Rosamud Trevertons s father ?
a local miner
a local miner

HWat was the original hieress Treverton of Porthagenna Tower famous for ?
An actress
acting

What was wrong with the man Leonard Frankland whom Rosamud married ?
He was blind .
He is blind .

What does Sarah Leeson return to work at Protagenna Tower as ?
A servant
A servant

Where was the Secret hidden in Porthagenna Tower ?
In an unused room
unused room

After the secret is revealed to Leonard , what did he do ?
He still accepted Rosamud and skipped the inheritance .
Accepts who his wife really is .

Who was Andrew Treverton ?
A villainious servant and heir to Porthagenna Tower
Mrs. Treverton s brother

How many years passed between Mrs , Trevertons s death and Rosamud marries Leonard ?
Twentyyears .
20

Who is the main character of the story ?
Rosamund Treverton
Rosamund Treverton

How many years in the future does the story jump ?
20 years
about twenty years .

What disabilty does Rosamund s husband have ?
He is blind
he is blind

Who is Rosamund s real mother ?
Sarah Leeson
Sarah Leeson

What does Sarah warn Rosamund to do ?
Stay away from the room with the message hidden in it .
Avoid the room in which the secret is hidden

Who is supposed to get the inheritance when Rosamund s true idenity is discovered ?
Her brother Andrew .
Andrew Treverton

Who ends up with the money at the end of the story ?
Rodamund
Rosamund

What job did Mrs Traverton have before she was a mother ?
An actress
Actress

Who dies in the story ?
Mrs Traverton
Mrs Treverton

Who is the biological mother of Rosamund Treverton ?
Sarah Leeson , the servant of Mrs. Treverton
Sarah Leeson

Why does Mrs. Treverton secretely accept Rosamund as her own child ?
Mrs. Treverton is childless and she wants to give her husband a child .
To give her husband an heir

Where does Sarah hide Mrs. Treverton s confession regarding Rosamund s parentage ?
Sarah hides the paper in an unused room at Porthgenna .
In a unused room .

Considered the heiress to Porthgenna , whom does Rosamund marry ?
Leonard Frankland .
Leonard Frankland

How does Sarah regain admittance to Porthgenna ?
Sarah becomes an employee under an assumed name .
Her alias

What causes Rosamund to find the secret confession ?
Sarah gives her a message that leads her to the secret hiding place .
a visit to Porthgenna

How does Leonard react to the confession that proves Rosamund is not the true heir of Porthgenna ?
Leonard accepts the fact that Rosamund is an illigitamate child , but refused to accept her inheritance .
accepts it

What relationship does the real heir have to the Treverton inheritance ?
Andrew is the brother of Mrs. Trevorton .
The real heir is Rosamund s brother Andrew

How does Rosamund legitimately gain the inheritance of Porthgenna ?
Andrew Treverton refuses to accept the inheritance .
Andrew refuses it

