What is Melanie known for playing ?
Pranks
Pranks .

What does Brenner want to purchase ?
Lovebirds
lovebirds

Why had Melanie been in court before ?
Breaking a window
She broke a plate glass window .

Who does Brenner mistake melanie for as a prank ?
A salesperson
A salesperson

What attacks melanie on the shore ?
A seagull
seagull

How does the seagull die ?
It hits the door
Flying into front door

What is massing in the playground ?
A flock of crows
Crows

Who do the crows injure ?
Children
Melanie .

Who dismisses the reports as fanciful ?
An Ornithologist
An amateur ornithologist

Who attacks melanie in cathy s ?
The birds
Birds

Where does Mitch run into Melanie at ?
At a bird shop in San Francisco .
San Francisco bird shop

Why was Mitch at the bird shop ?
Mitch wanted to buy his sister a pair of lovebirds for her birthday present .
To purchase lovebirds

Why did Melanie need Mitch s address ?
Melanie had to locate a pair of lovebirds for Mitch so she needed his address to know where to deliver them .
So she could take him a pair of birds .

In what shape did Lydia find her neighbor that was a farmer ?
The farmer was dead and the birds had pecked his eyes out .
Dead with his eyes pecked out

Why does Melanie go to pick up Cathy from school ?
Every where the birds are attacking and being very violent therefore they all worry for Cathy s safety .
She is worried about her

How did Annie die ?
The crows killed Annie while she was protecting Cathy and trying to keep her safe .
by the crows

Why is Mitch trying to take Melanie to the hospital ?
Melanie was attacked by birds and they hurt her really bad .
she has been injured in a bird attack

How crazy are the lovebirds being through all this commotion with the other birds ?
The lovebirds just seem to be staying still and being good .
Not at all crazy

Why may the military be called to take action in this even of the killer birds ?
The regular law and officials are not having much luck and can not handle the bird epidemic .
Civil authorities are unable to combat the attacks

What does Mitch do after Melanie delivers the lovebirds and goes to leave ?
Mitch invites Melanie to have dinner .
Rescues her .

Where does Melanie Daniels meet Mitch Brenner ?
She meets him at the bird shop .
In a bird shop

What type of animal invades the Brenner house through the chimney ?
Sparrows invade the house through the chimney .
Birds

Why does Lydia flee the farmers house ?
She saw the farmers eyeless corpse .
the wife killed by birds

What happens when a bystander lights a cigar near the gas station ?
The bystander becomes incinerated .
Set on fire .

Where does Melanie take refuge shortly after the gas station fire ?
She takes refuge in a phone booth .
Phone booth

Who rescues Melanie from the phone booth ?
Mitch rescues Melanie from the phone booth .
Mitch

How is Annie killed ?
She is killed by crows when ushering Cathy to safety .
By the crows when she tries to get Cathy to safety .

Why must the military come to town ?
The civil authorities are unable to combat the unexplained attacks on the town .
Bird attacks

What is the name of Mitch s younger sister ?
Cathy is Mitch s sister .
Cathy .

What does Mitch want to buy for Cathy s eleventh birthday ?
Mitch wants to buy lovebirds .
Love Birds .

