What is the title of this story ?
The Claverings
The claverings

What is the name of Reverend Henry Clavering s only son ?
Harry Clavering
Harry Clavering

What firm does Harry become a pupil at , against his father s wishes ?
Beilby and Burton
Beilby and Burton .

Where does his widow return to , after Lord Ongar dies ?
England
Seclusion with her sister,

Who is Florence Burton engaged to ?
Harry Clavering
Harry

Who does Harry kiss , while still engaged to Florence Burton ?
Lady Ongar
Lady Onger

Who does Harry choose to pursue , after the two women learn about eachother ?
Florence Burton
Florence

How did Sir Hugh and Archie Clavering die ?
Drowned in their yacht
They drowned .

Who becomes the new baronet and the possessor of Clavering Park ?
Harry s father
Harry s father

What two things does Harry s increase in weath allow him to do ?
Marry Florence and quit his enginerring job
to marry and surrender being an engineer

How are Harry Clavering and Reverend Henry Clavering related ?
Harry is Henry s only son .
father and son

What profession does Harry s father want him to work in ?
Harry s father wants him to work in the church .
He wants him to be a priest at the church .

What profession does Harry choose for himself ?
Harry wants to be a civil engineer .
Engineering .

Why does Florence Burton want to delay her marriage to Harry ?
Florence wants to make sure that he has enough money to support himself and a family .
Waiting to ensure he has adequate income to himself and a family .

How does Harry insult Lady Ongar ?
Harry embraces and kisses the Lady even though he is engaged to Florence .
Embraces and kisses her .

Why is Lady Ongar pursued by several men ?
Lady Ongar is pursued due to her vast amount of wealth .
She has considerable wealth .

How does Florence learn that Harry has been seeing Lady Ongar ?
Mme . Gourdeloup makes sure she finds out .
Gourdeloupe makes arrangements to ensure Florence finds out about Lady Ongar .

Who convinces Harry that Florence is the better woman for him ?
Harry s mother convinces him that Florence is the better woman .
His mother

How did Sir Hugh and Archie Clavering die ?
They two men drowned when their yacht sank .
drowned

What happens to Lady Ognar at the end of the story ?
Lady Ognar gives up almost all of her money and retires into seclusion with her sister .
She retires and go live with her sister

Who does Harry s fiancee ultimately marry ?
Lord Ongar
Lord Ongar .

What does Harry s father want him to be ?
A reverend
A Reverand or in the church profession

Why does Florence Burton hesitate to marry Harry even though she loves him ?
Because Harry does not have enough money to sustain a family
She want to wait until he has enough income to support a family .

Who asks Harry to assist his former fiancee when she returns to England ?
Lady Clavering
Lady Ongar s sister , Lady Clavering .

What dilemma is Harry up against after kissing and hugging lady Ongar ?
He must act dishonorably to one of the two women in his life
He has to choose between two women .

Who tells Lady Ongar about Harry s engagement ?
Mme . Gourdeloup
Mme Gourdeloup

Who encourages Harry to marry Florence Burton ?
His mother
His mom .

How does Harry get a substantial increase in his wealth ?
Sir Hugh and Arthur Clavering die , which makes Harry the heir apparent to his father
Harry s father inherits Clavering park from Sir Hugh and Archie Clavering making Harry the heir .

Who wrote a letter offering to end their engagement ?
Florence Burton
florence burton

Why is Lady Ongar pursued by so many men ?
Because of her wealth
She is wealthy

What type of career does Harry s father want him to take up ?
A profession in the church
church

What is the name of Harry s second fiancee ?
Florence Burton
Florence Burton

Why does Harry s second fiancee want to wait to get married ?
She wants to wait until he had adequate income for a family
He does not have a necessary income .

List the two men attempting to court Lady Ongar ?
Count Pateroff and Archie Clavering
Count pateroff and Archie Clavering

How are Sir Hugh and Archie Clavering related ?
They are brothers
Brothers

Why does n't Sophie Gourdeloup want Lady Ongar to remarry ?
She wants to be able to continue to exploit Lady Ongar for money
So Mme Gourdeloup can exploit her .

Who helps Harry realize Florence is the better woman ?
His mother
His mother

How did Florence tell Harry she was willing to end their relationship ?
With a letter
In a letter

How do Sir Hugh and Archie Clavering die ?
They drown when their yacht sinks
When their yacht sinks

Why was n't Harry good at engineering ?
He did not have the self-discipline for it
He lacked self-discipline .

Who becomes unfaithful to their fiance ?
Harry Clavering .
Harry .

Who does Harry reaffirnm his love too ?
Florence Burton
Florence Burton .

Why did Henry inherit Clavering Park ?
Sir Hugh and Archie drowned .
Sir hugh has died

Why is Lady Onger pursued by others ?
Due to her consideranble wealth .
because she is rich

Why Mme Gourdeloup the only woman who will see Lady Onger ?
Due to the rumors about Lady Onger .
Because of the rumors about her conduct .

What realization does Florence Burton come to in regards to Henry ?
She realizes she must release him if he does n't truly love her .
He has been seeing lady Ognar regularly .

What emotion did Henry exhibit before kissing Lady Onger ?
He felt weakness .
Dishonor

What enables Harry to marry immediately ?
His increase in wealth .
When he becomes the heir apparent

Why was n't Henry a good engineer ?
He lacked self discipline .
He did n't have self discipiline .

Where does Lady Onger go after he husband dies ?
England .
England .

