How are the local peasantry treated ?
They are treated no better than slaves .
They are treated very poorly

Why is Pierre s brother going to be hanged ?
He is being hanged for poaching two pigeons .
He poached two pigeons .

Who does n't agree with Pierre s plan to form a mob ?
His father does not agree with his plan .
Pierre s father

What happens to Yvonne ?
Her carriage is attacked and she is assaulted .
She is kidnapped .

Where does Adet go when he is injured ?
He seeks refuge from a local priest .
He seeks refuge with a local priest .

How does the Duc punish Adet ?
He kills Adet s father to pay for his crime .
A death sentence and the hanging of Adet s father

How does Adet integrate himself into English society in 1793 ?
He takes on a new identity of Martin-Roget .
He presents an introductory letter .

How does Adet plan to get Yvonne and Duc back to Nantes ?
He plans to marry Yvonne .
By marrying her and luring them back there under the pretense that he is a millionaire banker .

What thwarts Adet s plans to marry Yvonne ?
Yvonne is engaged to someone else .
Yvonne marries Lord Dewhurst instead

Adet gets Yvonne away and Lord Tony must use whose help to get her back ?
He must use The Scarlet Pimpernel .
The Scarlet Pimpernel .

What is the occupation of Pierre Adet ?
Peasant
He is a banker

Why is Adet s brother in law about to be hanged ?
he was Poaching two pigeons
He poached two pigeons .

Who assaults Yvonne ?
Adet
Adet assaults Yvonne .

What sentence has Adet been sentenced to ?
Death sentence
The death sentence .

Who does Adet seek revenge against ?
The Duc and his daughter
He wants revenge against Yvonne and Duc

What alias is Adet living in England under ?
Martin Roget
Martin-Roget

How does Adet obtain the introductory letter ?
Blackmailing the Bishop of Brest
He blackmails the Bishop of Brest .

Why do adet s plans suffer a set back ?
Yvonne was warned by Sir Percy
Yvonne is warned of his plan .

Why is The duc furious ?
His plans have been thwarted .
Since Martin Roget did n't marry his daughter , the French royalist cause wo n't receive substantial funds from Roget

Who does Lord Tony seek to help save his wife ?
The Scarlet Pimpernel
The Scarlet Pimpernel .

During what year is Pierre Adet incensed ?
1789
1789 .

Why is Pierre Adet s brother-in-law on track to be hanged ?
Poaching two pigeons that belong to Duc de Kernogan in Nantes
For poaching two pigeons from the Duc s woods .

Whom does Adet s mob come across before they storm the Chateau ?
Duc s daughter , Yvonne
Yvonne .

From whom does Adet seek refuge ?
A priest
the private army of the Duc de Kernogan

Who does the Duc de Kernogan hang for Adet s crimes ?
Pierre s father
Pierre Adet s father

What has Adet spent the last few years up until 1793 doing ?
Educating himself
Educating himself .

Who warned Yvonne that Martin-Roget puts her at risk ?
Sir Percy
Sir Percy

Who does Yvonne elope with ?
Lord Antony Dewhurst
Lord Antony Dewhurst

Why does the Duc believe that Yvonne s marriage to Martin-Roget will result in French royalist funding ?
The Duc believes Martin-Roget is a millionaire .
He believes that Martin-Roget is a millionaire banker .

After kidnapping Yvonne , where does Adet flee ?
France
France .

