What is Ruth Earp s occupation in the beginning of the story ?
Dance Instructor
A dance instructor .

What cause s Denry to start courting Ruth ?
He admired her attempt to sneak away from her rent debt .
He likes her audacity

Why does Denry break up with Ruth ?
Ruth s overspending
She spends too much money

What event allows Denry to secure financing for his Five Towns Univeral Thrift Club ?
Accident with the Countess s coach set up by Denry himself
A ship wreck

In what town was Denry when he came up with the business idea of offering tours of a local shipwreck ?
Llandudno
Llandudno

How did Denry gain is grammar school scholarship ?
By altering his grades
by altering his marks on the test .

While working as rent collector , how does Denry gain extra profit ?
By lending past due renters money at a very high interest rate
By being a loan shark to tenants who are late with their rent .

What happens to the new daily newspaper backed by Denry ?
It is bought out by a bigger rival
It is bought by a rival newspaper

What kind of boat does Denry use to begin his sightseeing business venture ?
Lifeboat
Lifeboat

Why does Denry aquire the greatest centre forward in England for the Burley soccer team ?
To get votes of mayor
To get votes to become mayor .

What is the date Henry Machin First saw the smoke ?
May 27 , 1867
May 27 , 1867

What does Denry purchase the rights to ?
Bursley football club .
footballer and native Callear

Who does Denry arrange an accident for ?
The Countress s coach
Countess ' coach

What is so special about the day Henry Machin saw the smoke ?
It is the same day as Bennett s Birth
Bennett s birth

What does Denry witness at the seaside resort town ?
A shipwreck
a shipwreck and the saving of the sailors

What is Ruth Earps Occupation ?
Dance instructor
dance instructor

What important success does Denry make ?
He is appointed town councillor .
When he decides to become the youngest mayor of Bursley

What does Denry persuade his client to do ?
Hire him as a rent collector .
hire him as a rent collector .

Who does Denry make a profit from ?
The sightseers
sightseers

What is so special about Denry s achievement in the history of Bursley ?
He is the youngest mayor
Youngest mayor

How does Denry get a scholarship to grammar school ?
My altering marks on a test
he alters his marks on the test .

Who does Denry ask to dance at the ball ?
Countess of Chell
Countess Shell

Denry leaves his employment under Duncalf to do what ?
Be a rent collector
Become a rent collector

What does Denry do to people who fall behind on rent ?
Lends them money
loans them money

What is Denry s big purchase during the trip to Llandudno ?
A lifeboat
lifeboat

What does Denry start from the earnings of his sightseeing tours ?
Five Towns Universal Thrift Club
A thrift club .

Who does Denry marry ?
Nellie
Nellie

How does Denry persuade voters while running for mayor ?
By buying the rights to a great footballer for the Bursley football club
He purchases the rights of Callear

How does Denry make money on the thrift club ?
The vendors give him a discount in exchange for access to his large customer base
discount from vendors

