How does Adam expect to educate himself ?
through experience , friendships , and reading
Through reading , experiences , and freindships .

Which two major historical events happened during Henry s adult life ?
The Civil War and World War I
Civil War and World War I

Where was Adams planning to spend time when he purchased a car ?
France
France

Why did Adams feel unable to grasp the scientific breakthroughs of the 1890s and 1900s ?
he had no science and math training
His formal education was focused on the classics , history , and literature

How did Adams think the 20th century would compare with the previous one ?
he predicted that there would be even more rapid change in the 20th century
It would have more explosive changes

Which of Henry s friends was a scientific explorer ?
Clarence King
Clarence King .

What eventually happened to Clover s memorial ?
it turned into something of a tourist attraction
It becomes a tourist attraction

How many of Henry s long-standing friendships are mentioned in the story ?
2
two

When did Adams research Mont Saint Michel ?
summer of 1902
1902

What was a waste of Adams ' time ?
Formal schooling
Proper schooling .

What did Adams call the industrial Revelution ?
dynamo
Dynamo

Why did Adams buy a car in 1902 ?
To make his trip to France easier .
He bough the car to make his trip to France more efficient,

What did Adams wish his formal education had included more of ?
Science and math
changes

Who were Adams long-time friends ?
Clarence King , and Jonhn Milton Hay
Clarence King and John Milton Hay

What did Adams not like about his wife s grave memorial ?
It became something of a tourist attraction .
that tourists visit it

What did Adams rightly fortell about the 20th century ?
It would have explosive changes .
That it would have more changes than the 18th and 19th century

Why did Adams feel had to educate himself ?
His formal education did not help him deal with the rapid changes in his life .
His traditional education could not keep up with the rapid changes

What was Clarence King ?
A far-west explorer of science
Adam s friend and a far western explorer

What was the occupation of John Milton Hay ?
He was an American Diplomat
he was a diplomat

Which two friends of Adams are often mentioned ?
Clarence King and John Milton May .
Clarence King and John Milton Hay

In what year does Adam s wife become ill ?
1885 .
in 1885

Where does Adams do research in France ?
Mont Saint Michel and Chartres .
Mont Saint Michel and Chartres

What term does Adams coin to refer to the Second Industrial Revolution ?
Dynamo .
dynamo

Between what two wars does Adam s adulthood take place ?
Between the Civil War and World War I .
The Civil War and World War I .

What does Adams purchase to help make a better research of France in 1902 ?
An automobile .
An automobile

Who does Adams cite in his familiarity of X-rays and radioactivity ?
Marconi and Branly .
Marconi and Branly

What becomes of the memorial that Adams constructs for his wife ?
It becomes a tourist attraction .
It becomes a tourist attraction

Who is Adam s wife ?
Clover .
Clover

How does Clover die ?
Suicide .
Suicide

