What team did Jackie Robinson sign with to break the color barrier in major league baseball ?
The Brooklyn Dodgers
Dodgers

How much money were the Dodgers going to pay Jackie Robinson per month ?
600 dollars
600

What was the amount of the signing bonus that Jackie Robinson received ?
3,500 dollars
Jackie Robinson recieved a $ 3,500 signing bonus .

What city was the Farm team that Robinson played for ?
Montreal
Montreal

Who agrees to manage the team once Durocher is suspended ?
Burt Shotton
Burt Shotton

What did the petition state that most of the Dodgers ' players signed ?
That they refused to play with Robinson
that they refused to play with Robinson

What does Pee Wee Reese do to Robinson to silence the hostile crowd in Cincinnati ?
He puts his arm around him
Before a angry crowd , he stands and puts his arm around Robinson .

Who did the Dodgers play in the World Series that year ?
The New York Yankees
The Dodgers played the New York Yankees in the World Series .

Playing for St. Louis , who spikes Robinson in the back of the leg ?
Enos Slaughter
Enos Slaughter

What does Branch Rickey tell Robinson he must do if he wants to play ?
Control his temper
Control his temper .

Who is the team executive ?
Branch Rickey
Branch Rickey

When does Robinson make it to the franchise farm team in Montreal ?
During spring training
1946 .

Why does Robinson smash his bat ?
Manager Ben Chapman taunts him
Philies manager Ben Chapman taunts him with racial slurs .

What does Pee Wee Reese come to understand about Robinson ?
What kind of pressure he is facing .
The pressure he is facing

What is Chapman required to do after creating bad press for the team ?
Pose with Robinson
pose for pictures with Robinson

What does Rickey warn Robinson to do before he is allowed to play ?
Control his temper
learn to control his bad temper

How does Reese silence the crowd in cincinatti ?
Showing solidarity
Stood with his arm around Robinson

Who is Robinson s girlfriend ?
Rachel
Rachel .

What does Enos accidentally do to robinson while running the bases ?
Spikes him on the back .
Kicks him with his cleats .

What is the name of the Philadelphia team ?
Phillies
The Philadelphia team is known as the Philadelphia Phillies

Who is the executive of the Dodgers whom signed Robinson to a contract ?
Branch Rickey
Rickey

What was the signing bonus amount for the contract that Branch Rickey offers Robinson ?
3500 dollars
$ 3500

What question does Robinson ask his girlfriend Rachel on the phone after accepting his new contract ?
He asks her to marry him .
He proposes marriage to her .

During spring training in Panama Robinson makes it to the Dodgers farm team located in what city ?
Montreal
Robinson joins the farm team for the Dodgers located in Montreal .

What do the majority of the Dodger teammates do after learning of Robinson s advancement to the Dodgers ?
They sign a petition .
sign a petition refusing to play with him

Who agrees to manage the dodgers after manager Leo Durocher is suspended ?
Burt Shotton
Burt Shotton

What item does Robinson smash in the dugout after being taunted by Phillies manager Ben Chapman during the game ?
A Baseball Bat
his bat

What does Pee Wee Reese do to show empathy towards Robinson while standing in from of a hostile crowd in Cincinnati ?
He puts his arm around Robinson .
puts his arm around Robinson to show soladarity with him

Where on the body is Robinson injured when Enos Slaughter hurt Robinson while running the bases ?
His leg .
Enos Slaughter spikes Robinson on the back of his leg with his cleats .

What does the Philadelphia Phillies team owner require of Ben Chapman for taunting Robinson during a game ?
Ben Chapman is required to pose for photographs with Robinson for magazines and newspapers .
He has to have pictures taken of them together

