Who is misunderstanding ?
A young woman husband name John .
John

What does John believes ?
That his wife should go on rest after the birth of their child .
That his wife need to get some rest after giving birth .

Where did the family spend their Summer ?
Colonial mansion .
a colonial mansion

Why did the young woman and her move into a room with multitude of windows ?
The room provided the air for her recovery .
To provide fresh air for her recovery .

Who is John s sister Jennie ?
Their housekeeper .
The housekeeper .

What was barred , torn and scratched ?
Windows , wallpapers and floor .
the windows , the wallpaper , and the floor

What color was the wallpaper ?
Yellow .
Yellow .

What happen to anyone that touches the wallpaper ?
Yellow smears on the skin and clothing .
The wallpaper leaves yellow smears on their skin and clothing .

Who was creeping in the wallpaper ?
A woman .
hallucinated woman

What happen the last day of Summer ?
She locked herself in her room .
The narrator locks herself up in the room stripping the wallpaper off and circles the room muttering .

What does the story s female protagonist believe is the cause of the damage in the mansion s nursery ?
children
That children damaged it .

Why does the narrator s sister-in-law spend the summer with her ?
Jennie serves as the housekeeper at the mansion
housekeeper

Where does John s wife document her thoughts about the nursery s wallpaper ?
in her journal
In a room at a colonial mansion .

When do the narrator and her family go on summer vacation ?
after she has a child
after the birth of her child

How does the narrator plan to rescue the woman trapped in pattern ?
by removing all of the remaining wallpaper
removing the wallpaper

When does the wallpaper seem to change the most ?
when moonlight shines on it
The longer you stay there and in the moonlight .

When during their family vacation did John faint ?
on the last day of summer
last day of summer

Why does John s wife think that children damaged the nursery ?
because all of the wallpaper s damage is at the level where children s hands can reach
It s isolated to their reach

What feature made the mansion s upstairs bedroom the best space for John s wife ?
all the windows
Open air

What happen s to Jennie s sister-in-law over the course of the story ?
she goes crazy
She is only mentioned as the housekeeper .

What is the main character s husband s name ?
John .
John .

What major life event happened to the couple before the summer ?
They had their first child .
Birth of their child

What is the style of the mansion they stay at ?
Colonial .
colonial

What do the couple assume the room they stay in used to be used for ?
A nursery .
a nursery

How is Jennie related to the family ?
She is John s sister .
John s Sister

What aspect of the couple s room do they find peculiar ?
The wallpaper .
the wallpaper

What color is the wallpaper in the couple s room ?
Yellow .
yellow

What does the main character believe she sees in the wallpaper ?
A woman .
a woman

Why does the main character strip off the wallpaper ?
She believes she must free the woman trapped inside .
to free the woman in the wallpaper

What is on the windows in the room ?
Bars .
Bars

