How old is Lisa Cohen ?
17
17 yrs old

How does Monica Patterson die ?
She is hit when Gerald Maretti runs a red light because of his distraction from Lisa
she is hit by a bus

Who is involved with the wrongful death lawsuit ?
Lisa , friend Emily , Cousin Abigail and the Metropolitan Transit Authority
Lisa .

What is their goal in the lawsuit ?
The dismissal of Gerald Maretti and monetary damages
To seek dismissal of driver and money for the victim s next of kin .

Why is the relationship between Lisa and her mother rocky ?
They sporadically fight , and Lisa expresses ambivalance towards her mother s boyfriend .
They fight a lot and she has mixed feelings about her mother s boyfriend .

What happens after Lisa has sex with Caije ?
She tells him and a teacher that she had an abortion , but is not sure who the father was
she becomes pregnant and has an abortion .

What is the conclusion of the lawsuit ?
350,000 goes to Abigail and Metropolitan transit authority refuses to fire Marietti
A $ 350,000 settlement .

Why does MTA refuse to fire Marietti ?
Because they fear it would inflame a labor dispute .
they were afraid it would cause issues with the labor union .

How do Lisa and her mother reconnect ?
Lisa emotionally falls apart at the opera after seeing Marietti driving the same bus , and the two hold each other and cry .
Crying together and holding each other at the Opera .

What causes the death of Monica Patterson ?
The bus driver is distracted by Lisa and hits Monica when he runs a red light .
She was hit by a bus .

What was Lisa s initial story to the police ?
The bus driver had a green light .
That the driver had a green light .

Who makes a remark that Lisa believes is anti-Semetic ?
Ramon
Ramon

Who does Lisa confront and tell that she had an abortion ?
Aaron Caije
Her math teacher , Aaron Caije

Why does the MTA not fire Maretti ?
Firing Maretti would cause a labor dispute .
afraid of a labor dispute

How much was awarded in the lawsuit ?
$ 350,000
350,000 but does not dismiss driver .

Who was supposed to see the opera with Lisa s mom before their death ?
Ramon
Ramon .

How many accidents was Maretti involved in prior to the accident that killed Monica ?
Two
2

What was Abigail s primary motivation for the lawsuit ?
Money
money

Where does Lisa and her mother reconnect ?
The opera
an opera

What happens when Gerald is distracted as a bus driver ?
He runs a red light , leading to a fatal accident where he strikes a pedestrian .
Leads to the death of victim by running red light .

What does Lisa first report to the police ?
That the driver had a green light at the time of the accident , placing the blame on the pedestrian .
The traffic light was green .

Why does Lisa change her story ?
She feels guilty for lying to the police .
Remorse .

What does Lisa learn from her conversation with Gerald ?
He believes he did nothing wrong in the crash .
That he did in fact remember the details of the accident .

What does Lisa decide after confronting Gerald ?
That she is going to pursue a wrongful death case against Gerald with the transit authority to get hmi fired from his job
To work hard to get him fired from his company

What is the outcome of the wrongful death case ?
The families are given a $ 350,000 settlement , but the driver remains hired with the company .
Settlement of $

What other incidents happen in Lisa s life during the course of the trial ?
She flirts with her math teacher , loses her virginity to a classmate and has debates about terrorism and politics with fellow classmates .
A flirtation with her math teacher , losing her virginity , getting an abortion , and debates with classmates about politics/terrorism .

What happens between Lisa and her math teacher ?
The two have sex , and then Lisa admits to having an abortion in front of him and another teacher .
they have sex

What is Lisa s relationship like between her mother s boyfriend Ramon ?
Lisa is ambivalent towards him .
ambivilant

What happens to Ramon ?
He dies of a heart attack unexpectedly .
Dies of a heart attack .

