Name two of Amber Atkins idols ?
Diane Sawyer and her Mother .
Diane Sawyer and Anette Atins .

Who is Tammy Curry ?
A contestant who is killed when her tractor explodes .
another contestant , who is killed when her tractor explodes

What happens to Janelle after switching numbers with Amber ?
She gets hit by a stage light and is rendered unconscious and becomes deaf .
a light fell hitting her in the head and she became deaf

Why does Lisa drop out of the pageant ?
Lisa drops out in order to give Amber her costume .
She gave her costume to Amber .

What happens to Rebecca during the parade ?
The float explodes ; killing her .
She is killed in an explosion

Why does Amber win the state competition by default ?
All the other contestants came down with food poisoning .
Because all the contestants are food-poisoned .

What happened to the Sarah Rose Pageant ?
The company behind the pageant was closed down for tax evasion .
company was shut down for tax evasion by IRS

What did Gladys do after she escaped from prison ?
She declares revenge on Amber and snipes people on top of a super market .
She s planning to have a revenge on Amber .

How long did the stand off between Gladys and the police last ?
Six hours .
six hours long

What job does Amber get after the shooting ?
She is a co-anchor for the evening news .
A news anchor

What is annually being held in Mount Rose ?
A Beauty Pageant
beauty pagent

Why does Amber sign up ?
To follow the footsteps of her idols
To follow her dreams and make her mom proud .

How does Atkins living situation contrast from Leeman ?
Atkins lives in a small trailer , while Leeman is rich
Leeman is rich while Amber is not .

What store is run by the Leemans ?
Leeman Furniture Store
Leeman Furniture Shop

What happens to contestant Tammy ?
She is killed when her tractor exploded
she is killed by an explosion

Why does Amber pull out of the pageant ?
Her mother is injured in an explosion
Her mother was involved in an explosion at their home .

What happens to Betz on stage ?
A stage light falls and hits her
a stage light falls and hits her on the head , causing her to lose consciousness and go deaf

Why does Amber blame Becky ?
Her dance costume is missing
Her dance costume was gone

What does Rebecca dance with in her performance ?
A Jesus doll
a life size Jesus doll on a crucifix

Who wins the pageant ?
Amber
Rebecca and then Amber after Rebecca died .

Who are Amber Atkins ' Idols ?
Diane Sawyer and her mother
Her mom and Diane Sawyer .

Who is Gladys Leeman ?
Rebecca s mother , head of the pageant organization committee , and a former pageant winner
Head of the pageant committee and former pageant winner .

How does Tammy Curry die ?
her tractor explodes
her tractor explodes

Why does Amber decide to drop out of the pageant ?
her mom gets hurt when their trailer explodes
one of the girls was killed

What happens to Jenelle to cause her to leave the pageant ?
a state light falls , hitting her in the head causing her to go deaf
she was hit in the head with a light

Why does Lisa drop out of the pageant ?
she gives Amber her costume when Amber s costume disappears
so that Amber can use her costume

How does Amber get the pageant title ?
Rebecca is killed when the float she is riding on catches fire
By default after the winner is killed .

Why is Gladys arrested ?
after Rebecca is killed she admitted to killing Tammy and causing the other accidents the other girls were hurt in , all intended for Amber
For killing Tammy and the one responsible for actions against Amber .

How does Amber win the title of Minnesota American Teen Princess ?
all of the other girls get food poisoning from seafood
by default after all other contestants become ill from food poisoning

How does Amber become a co-anchor for WAZB-TV ?
she grabs the microphone the reporter dropped when Gladys shot her , and continued reporting on the story
the anchor was hit by a stray bullet and she picked up mic and finished reporting .

