Who is the narrator of the story ?
Botchan .
The narrator is Botchan himself .

What kind of child was Botchan at the start of the story ?
He was a reckless and rambunctious child .
reckless and rambunctious

After Botchan s mother dies , who eventually becomes his mother figure ?
Kiyo , the family s maidservant .
Kiyo .

How much money was Botchan given in order to live and complete his education after his father died ?
Botchan was given 600 yen .
600 yen

On graduating , what position did Botchan accept as a profession ?
He accepted a position as a mathematics teacher .
middle school math teacher

Why was Botchan s tenure in Matsuyama so short ?
His arrogance and quick temper led to clashes and fights with students and the staff .
Rivalry in the school resulting in a fist fight .

How long did Botchan teach in Matsuyama ?
He taught there for less than 2 months .
Less than 2 months

Who is Red Shirt ?
Red Shirt is the head teacher .
The head teacher of the school .

What do Botchan and Yama Arashi do to Red Shirt after observing him leaving the inn after spending the night with the geisha ?
They confront him and attach him .
They beat him up .

Where does Botchan go after resigning from Matsuyama ?
He returns to Tokyo .
Botchan heads to the harbor after resigning to head back to Tokyo .

Where does Botchan grow up ?
Tokyo
Botchan grows up in Tokyo .

What does Botchan trample ?
A neighbor s carrot patch
The neighbor s carrot patch .

Who do Botchan s parent s favor ?
His brother
Kiyo

What repuation has Bot echan gained ?
The local roughneck
He is a local roughneck .

Who treats Botchan s welfare ?
Kiyo
The maidservant , Kiyo

What does Botchan appreciate about Kiyo ?
her dedication
Botchan grows to appreciate her dedication .

What does Botchan s brother do with the family assets ?
Liquidates them
Botchan s brother liquidates the family assests .

What does Bothan study ?
Physics
physics

Who is the school s head teacher ?
Red shirt
Red Shirt

Who forces Arashi to resign ?
Red Shirt
Red Shirt

How does Botchan hurt himself ?
Jumping from the second floor of the elementary school .
jumping from second floor down of his school

Who becomes devoted to Botchan s welfare when his mother passes ?
Kiyo .
Kiyo

How much money does Botchan s brother give him when their father passes ?
600 yen .
600 yen

Where does Botchan teach mathematics at ?
Matsuyama
a middle school in Matsuyama

How long does Botchan s teaching career last ?
Less than two months .
About two months

Who does Botchan decide are more moral at the school ?
Uranari and Yama Arashi
Yama arashi

How does Red Shirt defame Botchan and Yama Arashi ?
A fake street brawl and newspaper connections .
He uses a street brawl and his connections with the newspaper .

Where does Red Shirt like to go ?
An inn near Hot Springs Town .
Inn near the hot springs town

What do Botchan and Yama Arashi do to Red Shirt and Nodaiko ?
Beat them into submission .
get even ; catch them sneaking around after being with geisha and hit them until they confessed

Where does Botchan have Kiyo put when she passes ?
His family s grave plot .
In his family s grave plot .

