What are the names of the two reindeer who first assist Claus to deliver toys to children ?
Flossie and Glossie
Flossie and Glossie

Where is the infant Claus found in the beginning ?
Forest of Burzee
The Forest of Burzee

What country did Claus move to and build his home ?
Laughing Valley
Laughing Valley

What s the name of the cat Claus carves a wooden version of ?
Blinkie
Blinkie

What is the name of the evil army which kidnaps Claus ?
Awgwas
Awgwas

How many new reindeer join the first two to help Claus ?
Nine
9

What is the name of the group the evil army fight against ?
The Immortals
Awgwas

Who turns King Awgwa s subjects into clods of dirt ?
The Wood Nymphs
Wood Nymphs

Who does Ak slice in half ?
King Awgwa
the king awgwa

What is the name of Necile s adopted baby ?
Claus
Claus

Where does Claus travel to after becoming an adult and leaving the Forest of Burzee ?
The Laughing Valley
The Laughing Valley

What is the name of Claus ' pet cat ?
Blinkie
Blinkie

What does Claus give to a boy found in a storm ?
Wooden version of Blinkie
wooden cat

What army wants to stop Claus from giving toys to children ?
The Awgwas
Awgwas

What happens to the children s behaviour when given toys by Claus ?
The children are less naughty
The behave better .

What are the reindeer s names that help Claus deliver toys ?
Flossie and Glossie
Flossie and Glossie

How does Claus enter the children s homes ?
Going down the chimney
The Chimney

What do the Immortals grant Claus when Claus is close to death ?
Immortality
Immortality

Who helps Claus go through the walls of the children s houses ?
The Nymphs and Fairies
Nymphs and fairies

Why must Necile gain approval from the Master Woodsman ?
It is against the law to spare the abandoned infant and raise it .
It is aginst the law for her to keep the baby .

What does Necile want to do with the abandoned infant ?
She wants to spare its life and raise it as her own .
Keep and raise him

What do the Ryls give to Claus ?
The Ryls give Claus paint so that he can color his toys .
paint

What do the Awgwas realize about the toys Claus is making ?
The toys are making children less naughty .
They make the children less naughty .

Why do the immortals engage in battle with the Awgwas ?
They engage in the battle so that Claus can continue to make toys for the children .
They did n't listen to the warning to leave Claus alone .

Who are the Awgwas ' allies ?
The Asiatic Dragons , the Giants of Tartary , the Black Demons of Patalonia , and Goozle-Goblins .
Giants , Goozle-Goblins , Asiatic Dragons , and Black Demons

What prevents the Angel of Death from taking Claus away ?
The Immortals arrive to Claus s house and place the Mantle of Immortality on Claus preventing the Angel of Death from taking him .
The Immortals

How does Claus deliver presents to the houses without chimneys and houses that replace the fireplace ?
The Nymphs and Faeries travel with Claus and travel through the walls .
go through walls

How do the people make it easier for Claus to deliver presents ?
They make it easier for Claus by hanging a stocking on the mantle above the fireplace , and start using pine trees as Christmas Trees .
hanging stockings and putting up pine trees .

