Where is the abandoned house located ?
Benefit Street .
Benefit Street .

What is so mysterious about the house ?
Mysterious deaths of its inhabitants .
The foul smell , weeds in the yard , whitish fungi in the cellar

What is discovered in the basement ?
A strange yellowish vapour .
yellowish vapor

What language does Whipple s nephew start babbling in ?
French .
French

What does his uncle transform into ?
A monster
a monster

Why do they arm themselves in the cellar ?
To destroy supernatural beings .
There is a monster

What is ordered to the cellar according to the plan ?
A gas mask , digging tools , and sulfuric acid .
barrels of acid , gas mask , digging tools

What was found in the hole ?
A monster s elbow .
The elbow of a gigantic monster .

How many barrels were emptied ?
Six
four

What happens to the house at the end ?
It is rented to another family .
Rented .

What was Dr. Whipple keeping records of ?
The mysterious sicknesses and deaths of many who had previously lived in the house .
The mysterious sickness and death of people who have lived in the house .

What form of protection did the protagonist and Dr. Whipple use while spending the night in the house ?
Flamethrowers and a Crookes Tube .
Military flamethrowers .

What language was Dr. Whipple speaking in his sleep ?
French
french

The protagonist s Uncle transformed into what ?
A monster with blackened , decaying features and dripping claws .
A monster

Where was the old abandoned house located ?
Benefit Street .
Benefit Street .

How did the protagonist know there was a monster in the hole that was dug in the cellar ?
He found the monster s elbow .
Digging .

What awakened the protagonist while he was sleeping ?
A horrific scream .
A scream

What happened to the members of the Harris family ?
They died in the house .
They died in the shunned house .

After the protagonist awakened from fainting , what did he discover ?
The strange fungus had turned to ash .
Fungus

What happened to the house after the monster dies ?
The house is rented to another family and appears to be normal .
it became normal

Tossing and turning as he naps what else does Dr. Elihu Whipple start doing ?
Babbling in French .
Babbling in French .

What strange visions did Dr. Elihu Whipple experience while napping ?
Lying in a open pit .
lying in an open pit with faces staring down

Whose were some of the faces that Dr. Elihu Whipple nap visions see ?
The Harris family members ' faces .
Harris Family .

What did Dr. Elihu Whipple s Nephew find in the shunned house ?
The elbow of a gigantic monster .
A gigantic monster .

Who was the protagonist s uncle ?
Dr. Elihu Whipple .
Dr. Elihu Whipple .

How far back do Dr. Elihu Whipple records go ?
Over one hundred years .
100 hundred years .

What happens to the protafonist once he empties the fourth barrel ?
He faints .
He faints .

Where specifically was this old abandoned house ?
On Benefit Street .
benefit st

Dr. Elihu Whipple kept what kind of records of people who have lived in this abandoned house ?
Their mysterious illnesses and deaths .
Extensive records

