Who sponsored the party that Claire Gregory attended ?
One of her oldest friends , Winn Hockings
one of her oldest Friends,

Why was Joey Venza angry ?
Because Winn did not ask to borrow money for his new art studio
BECAUSE WINN DID NOT BORROW MONEY FROM HIM FOR HIS STUDIO

How did Venza kill Winn ?
Stabs him to death .
He stabs him,

Who witnessed the murder of Winn ?
Claire
Claire

How did Claire avoid being caught by Venza ?
She jumped into the elevator to escape him .
She gets in an elevator

Who is the detective assigned to protect Claire ?
Mike Keegan
Keegan

Who is Detective Keegan married to ?
Ellie
Ellie

Why do Detective Keegan and his wife , Ellie , separate ?
Because of his involvement with the case .
Because of his involvement in the case

What does Detective Keegan do to cross the line with Claire ?
He falls in love with her .
They fall in love

How does Venza draw out Keegan ?
He kidnaps his son .
Takes his son hostage

Why is Joey Venza angry with Winn ?
Because Winn did n't come to Venza to borrow the money to open his art gallery .
He had not asked him to borrow money .

Who witnesses Venza stab and kill Winn ?
Clair had just gotten off the elevator when it happens .
CLAIRE

Although he s married , who instantly falls for Clair ?
Detective Mike Keegan
KEEGAN

What s the reason that Keegan is so determined to protect Clair ?
He loves her and Venza continues to threaten and make attempts on her life
They are in love

What happens to Keegan s marriage because of his involvement in the case ?
Ellie and Keegan get separated
They separate

Although Keegan and Clair have admitted their feelings to one another , what ca n't Keegan make himself do ?
He ca n't abandon Ellie and their son
Abandon his family

Why is Venza so determined to get to Clair ?
She is the only person who can positively say that he is the murder and she can point him out in court
She can identify him .

How does Venzo get Keegan to come out ?
he kidnaps Keegan s son
he takes Keegan s son hostage

Who kills Venzo ?
Ellie
Ellie

What happens to Keegan and Clair at the end of the story ?
Keegan goes back home to his wife and son , and Clair heads to Europe to force herself to get over Keegan .
Keegan goes back to his wife and Clair goes to Europe .

Who sponsored the art show and party attended by Claire Gregory ?
Winn Hockings
Winn Hockings

Who accompanies Claire to the party and art show ?
Her boyfriend , Neil Steinhart
HER BOYFIREND , NEIL

Who is a party being held for in another part of town ?
NYPD Detective Mike Keegan
MIKE KEEGAN

Why Winn s former partner , Joey Venza , upset ?
Because Winn did not come to Joey to borrow money for the studio .
Winn did n't borrow money from him

After an argument , what does Joey do ?
Stab Winn to death .
He stabs Winn to death

Who witnesses the killing ?
Claire
Claire

Why do Keegan and his wife Ellen separate ?
His involvement in the case .
He got to involved in his work .

Why ca n't Claire and Keegan be together ?
Because Keegan feels he can not abandon his family .
Keegan is married

How does Venza draw out Keegan ?
By kidnapping his son .
taking his son hostage

Who kills Venza ?
Claire
Ellie

