What is Tom s job ?
He works as a greeting card writer
greeting card writer

Who is Summer Finn ?
She is Tom s boss s new assistant .
Tom s boss s assistant

What secret does McKenzie revealafter the Karaoke night ?
That Tom likes Summer .
Tom likes Summer

What causes Tom and Summer to have their first argument ?
Tom steps in when a man flirts with Summer .
A man flirts with Summer

What happens on day 290 of their relationship ?
Summer breaks up with Tom after seeing the film The Graduate .
They break up

Who helps Tom calm down following the break-up ?
His younger sister Rachel .
His sister Rachel

Where does Tom get moved in the greeting card company ?
Tom gets moved to the consolation department instead of greeting cards .
Consolations

What does Tom find out at the party Summer invites him to ?
That Summer is engaged to another man .
That she is engaged

What happens on day 488 of their relationship ?
Tom confronts Summer about her actions and Summer explains she found love with someone else .
Summer sees Tom at his favorite spot and explains that she has found love .

What happens on May 23 ( the 500th day of Summer ) ?
Tom goes to an inerview for an architecture firm and meets a girl named Autumn .
Tom attends a job interview and meets Autumn

Where does Tom work ?
A greeting card company
A greeting card company

What city is mentioned as the focal point ?
Los Angeles
Los Angeles

Who reveals that Tom likes Summer ?
McKenzie
McKenzie

What did Summer and Tom watch and then break up ?
The Graduate
The Graduate , a movie

What spoils the view at Toms favorite spot in the city ?
Parking lots
parking lots

Who catches a bouquet at a coworkers wedding ?
Summer
Summer

When Tom quits , what job does he try next ?
Architecture
Focusing on his architecure

What day does Summer see Tom at his favorite spot in the city ?
Day 488
Day 488

What is the girls name that Tom meets at the end of the story ?
Autumn
Autumn

Who does Tom s friend call when he is upset about his breakup ?
Tom s sister
His sister

What sign of trouble is apparent early in Tom and Summer s relationship ?
Summer says true love is not something she believes in .
Summer does n't believe in love

What causes Tom and Summer to disagree about The Graduate ?
Summer was deeply affected by it , while Tom was not .
He was unaffected by it and she was very moved by it

At what type of business do Tom and Summer work ?
A greeting card company
A greeting card company

For what profession is Tom trained ?
Architecture
Architect

What makes Tom become upset when he attends the party at Summer s apartment ?
He sees that she is wearing an engagement ring .
Seeing Summer s engagement ring .

What causes Tom to get into a fight with another man ?
The man was flirting with Summer .
The man Fflirting with Summer

What is the name of the woman Tom asks out at the end of the story ?
Autumn
Autumn

What leads Tom s boss to move him to the consolations department at the company ?
Tom was too depressed after his break-up counterpart with Summer to write happier cards .
He is depressed so he is n't doing well at his job

In what city does the story take place ?
Los Angeles
Los Angeles

What do Tom and the new woman he meets both dislike ?
Parking lots
the parking lots

