What hallucination lures Peters to her death ?
her son
Her son

How long does it take for a rescue party to board the Event Horizon at the end of the story ?
72 days
72

What was the Event Horizon built to test ?
an experimental gravity drive
a gravity drive

Who attempts suicide after being pulled into the portal ?
Justin
Engineer Ensign Justin .

Where was the Event Horizon voyaging to when it disappeared ?
Proxima Centuari
Proxima Centauri

What does the crew find upon boarding the Event Horizon at the begining of the story ?
a massacure
Evidence of a massacre .

What is wrong with the captain s face when the crew sees him at the end of the video log ?
His eyes are gouged
He has gouged out his own eyes .

What do Miller and D. J. bellieve to be true of the portal after they view the video log ?
They believe it is linked to an unknown universe .
The gravity drive opened into a previously unknown dimension , which turned the ship into a sentient being that torments its occupants .

What forced the crew to board the Event Horizon near the begining of the story ?
The gravity portal activated , causing a shock wave .
a distress call

Where does Weir believe the Event Horizon portal lures people ?
back to hell
Hell

What is the Event Horizon ?
It is a starship that disappeared during its voyage .
starship

Who designed the Event Horizon ?
Dr. William Weir .
Dr. William Weir

What did the crew find evidence of on the starship ?
They found evidence of a massacre .
a massacre

How was the Lewis and Clark damaged ?
It was damaged by a shock wave .
Weir destroys it with an explosive device .

What was on the video log of the Event Horizon ?
The video showed the Event Horizon s crew going insane and mutilating each other .
The Event Horizon s captain speaking Latin with his eyes gouged out .

What is used as a lifeboat ?
The ship s forward section is used .
half of the Event Horizon

Who sacrificed himself to save the others ?
Miller .
Miller

Who does Starck see as a rescuer ?
Starck sees Weir .
Weir

Who overpowers Miller ?
Weir does .
Weir

What is Weir s theory ?
His theory is that this horrible dimension lures people back into hell after being tormented .
That the Event Horizon is now a sentiment being that torments anyone on it .

What is the name of the starship that vanished on its way to Proxima Centauri ?
the Event Horizon
the Event Horizon

What does the video log of the vanished ship show ?
That the crew went crazy and killed each other
The crew went insane and mutilated each other .

What does Miller and D.J presume to have happened that caused the havoc on the vanished ship ?
A portal opened to an unknown universe and turned the ship into its own sentient evil being
influence from an unknown dimension turned the ship into a hellish tormenting sentient being

Why does Weir blow up the Lewis and Clark ?
He becomes possessed by the ship
He is possessed by evil

What kind of emotions do the hallucinations play upon for the crew ?
They play on the crews regrets and fears
hellish

Who does Starck recognize as a rescuer in disguise ?
Weir
Weir

What three surviving people do the rescuers find ?
Strack , Justin , and Cooper
starck cooper Justin

Who is Peters hallucinating that leads to her death ?
her son
Her son .

Who restrains Starck after the rescue crew arrives ?
Cooper
Cooper

When the crew first boards the vanished ship , who is almost sucked into a portal ?
Justin
Justin

