Whose spouse has Betty been hired to care for ?
Paul Holland
Paul Holland

Who does Paul try to encourage to limit his drinking ?
Wesley
Wesley

Who is the priest ?
Mrs. Rand
Mrs. Rand

What does Mrs. Rand tell Betsy about Jessica s condition ?
She can never be cured
That she can never be cured .

Who do the local s stab in the arm ?
Jessica
Jessica

What do the locals believe about Jessica ?
That she is a zombie
That she is a zombie .

Who stated that she felt possessed by a voodoo God ?
Mrs. Rand
Mrs. Rand

Who did Mrs. Rand believe Jessica was going to run away with ?
Wesley
Wesley .

What does Betsy do for a living ?
She is a nurse .
Nursing

Who is Paul ?
A sugar plantation owner who hires Betsy to care for Jessica , his wife .
Sugar plantation owner .

What does Betsy learn about Jessica ?
Her spine was irreversibly damaged by an illness .
That she is paralyzed and uncurable .

Who is Wesley ?
Paul s half brother who loves Jessica .
Jessica s former fiance

Why does Betsy take Jessica to a voodoo priest ?
She loves Paul and wants to please him .
For a cure .

Who is discovered to be the voodoo priest ?
Wesley and Paul s doctor mother .
Ms. Rand

What happens when Jessica is stabbed in the arm ?
She does n't bleed .
she does not bleed

What do locals suspect Jessica is ?
A zombie .
a zombie

What drives Wesley more than anything ?
Freeing Jessica from being a zombie
Jessica .

Whose bodies are discovered in the sea ?
Wesley and Jessica s .
Jessica and Wesley

What coun try did Betsy Connell come from ?
Betsy came from Canada .
Canada .

Where was the sugar plantation owned by Paul Holland ?
It was located on the Caribbean island of Saint Sebastian .
Saint Sebastian .

What type of illness left Jessica Holland impaired ?
An illness which damaged her spinal cord .
Spinal cord injury .

After developing an attraction to Paul Holland , what diud Betsy do in order to impress him ?
She tried to cure Jessica Holland s illness .
she vows to cure Jessica

What made the supersticious locals think that Betsy was really a zombie ?
She was stabbed in the arm with a sword and did n't bleed from the wound .
She did n't bleed .

Who was the voodoo priest that Besty took Jessica to for healing ?
The voodoo priest was actually Mrs. Rand , the mother of Paul Holland and his half-brother , Wesley .
Carre-Four

What did the Sabreur do using an effigy of Jessica ?
He took control of her in order to draw her too him .
take control of Jessica

What did Wesley use to stab Jessica with after the Sabreur stuck a pin into Jessica s effigy ?
He took an arrow from the statue of Tri-Misery and stabbed Jessica with it .
An arrow from the statue of St. Sebastian .

What happened after Wesley carried Jessica s body into the sea ?
The natives later discovered the bodies of both Jerssica and Wesley floatin in the surf .
Natives found their bodies floating in the sea .

