Where does Lionel Logue live ?
In London .
London

When did Britain declare war on Germany ?
1939 .
1939 .

What is Lionel an expert in ?
Speech therapy .
Speech therapy

Why is Logue dismissed ?
He suggested Albert to be a good king .
He suggest Albert would make a good king .

Who convinces Prince Albert to see Lionel ?
Elizabeth .
his wife

What does George learn about Logue during the coronation ?
Logue has no qualifications .
George learns that Logue has no formal qualifications

What nationality is Wallis Simpson ?
American .
American

Why does Edward abdicate the throne ?
To marry Wallis .
to marry Simpson

How does Logue address Prince Albert ?
By the name Bertie .
As Bertie .

Who succeeds Edward ?
Albert .
Albert as King George VI .

Besides physical therapy for the stuttering , what else is Lionel interested in discovering ?
The psychological cause of the stuttering
Why Albert stutters .

Who is Albert s father ?
King George V
King George V .

What is the Duke s familiar nickname ?
Bertie
Bertie

What Shakespeare play does Lionel reference during treatment ?
Hamlet
Hamlet

What does Albert s father insist he use to practice broadcasting ?
One of his father s old speeches
His father s speech .

How does Albert come to be King George VI ?
His older brother David abdicates the throne .
King Edward abdicates .

What was Logue s training in speech therapy ?
Helping Australian soldiers in distress after World War I .
He has no formal training .

Who helped King George VI prepare for his radio broadcast after declaring war on Nazi Germany ?
Lionel Logue
Logue

What does Lionel use to distract Albert while he attempts a soliloquy in therapy ?
Music
distracts him by playing music through headphones

What letter does King George VI still jokingly struggle with during a speech at the end of the story ?
The letter W
W

Who is Lionel Logue ?
An Australian Speech therapist
He is an Australian speech therapist .

How does Logue distract Prince Albert while he s reciting Hamlet s piece ?
by playing music through headphones
With music through headphones .

What do the King and Queen insist Logue focuses on while coaching Albert ?
Physical exercises
physical exercises

Why does David cause constitutional crisis ?
Because he wants to marry Wallis , an American socialite , divorced but still married to her second husband
He wants to marry a divorcee .

Why is Edward unable to marry David and Wallis ?
Because both of Wallis s second husbands are alive .
She is divorced and both husbands are still alive

How does Albert become King ?
David abdicates in order to marry Wallis
His brother Edward abdicates the throne .

How did Logue get experience in speech therapy before training Albert ( now George ) ?
My teaching shell-shocked Australian soldiers returning from The Great War
helping shell-shocked soldiers

What does Logue dismiss while sitting in King Edward s chair ?
The Stone of Scone
Logue says Albert could be a good king which labels that as treason

After Logue reminds the King that he still struggles with the letter w , what does the King say ?
I had to throw a few in there so they d know it was me .
He had to throw in a few so they would know who he was .

What was Prince Albert s title at the beginning of the story ?
Duke of York
Duke of York .

