Who is Bishop Bridgenorth s youngest daughter ?
Edith
Edith is Bishop Bridgenorth s youngest daughter .

Which year is Edith supposed to get married in ?
1908
The year 1908 .

Who is giving Edith away at her wedding ?
General Boxer Bridgenorth
Her Uncle General Boxer Bridgenorth .

Who does General Boxer Bridgenorth propose to at the wedding ?
Lesbia Grantham
Lesbia Grantham

Why did Reginald s wife divorce him ?
For assulting her and cheating on her
he assaulted her and cheated on her with a prostitute .

Who does Leo now plan to marry ?
John Hotchkiss
John Hotchkiss

Who is Edith marrying ?
Cecil Sykes
Cecil Sykes

What did Edith and Cecil learn from reading the pamplets ?
The dangers of marriage
dangers of marriage

Who does Hotchkiss fall in love with ?
Mrs. George Collins
Mrs George Collins

What is the Bishop in the process of writing about ?
The history of marriage
the history of marriage

Why does Lesbia keep turning down General Boxer Bridgenorth s proposals ?
Because he smokes and does n't take care of himself .
she doens't want a husband who smokes or is untidy

Why is the General shocked that his brother Reginald is attending the wedding ?
Because he was recently divorced by his wife .
he is disreputable and is bringing his ex-wife to the wedding

Why does the General believe that his brother will be uncomfortable at the wedding ?
His ex-wife will also be attending the wedding .
HIs ex-wife will also be attending .

Why did Reginald s wife want a divorce ?
She wanted to marry another man .
he assaulted her and cheated with a prostitute

What did everyone believe caused the divorce between Reginald and Leo ?
That Reginald beat Leo and had sex with prostitutes .
Assault and prostitution charges against the husband

Who did Leo wish to marry ?
John Hotchkiss .
John Hotchkiss

What delays Cecil Sykes and his wife from getting married ?
They are both reading pamphlets about marriage .
They are both worried by what they have read in a pamphlet on marriage

Why did Cecil and Edith finally agree to get married ?
They both agreed on arrangemtns to protect themselves in case something went wrong with marriage .
They finally agreed to get married because writing up a contract was proving to be too difficult , so they came to an understanding .

What does Leo want when she finds that John Hotchkiss is not interested in her ?
She wanted her divorce to Reginald to be considered voided .
To revoke her divorce .

Why did Reginald s wife divorce him ?
For assaulting her and committing adultery .
he assaulted her and was adulterous

Why did Reginald and Leo make up the stories about the assault and adultery ?
So that they could divorce without Leo taking any blame for the break up of the marriage .
So they could divorce without Leo being blamed .

Why were Edith and Cecil delayed from getting to the church for their wedding ?
They were both reading pamphlets on marriage .
both were reading pamphlets on marriage

What is the main worry that Cecil has about marrying Edith ?
That he will be liable for her debts .
he will become a criminal lunatic she can not divorce

What is Edith s main concern about marrying Cecil ?
That she will be unable to divorce him if he becomes a criminal .
That if he becomes a criminal lunatic she will be unable to divorce him .

What is the Roman concept of marriage that the bishop suggests Edith and Cecil should adopt ?
Marriage by contract .
The Roman concept of marriage by contract .

What type of publication is the bishop working on ?
A book on the history of marriage .
The History of Marriage

Why does the bishop s chaplain feel he is capable of writing up a marriage contract ?
Because he is a lawyer .
He is a lawyer

Which type of marriage do Cecil and Edith finally opt for ?
A standard marriage .
a standard marriage

Why does Leo want her divorce from Reginald to be revoked ?
Because the man she wanted to be with was in love with another woman .
Leo wont have nay more debt

