What is the story based around ?
A tale that Dumas heard in his childhood
a local folk tale Dumas heard as a child

Why was Thibault beaten by the Lord of Vez s gamekeeper ?
Acting as an interference in a hunting excursion
interfering with the lord s hunting

How does Thibault get the ability to have his wishes for vengeance fulfilled ?
From a wolf who walks like a man
a huge wolf offers him vengeance in exchange for his hairs

What occurs each time Thibault wishes for vengeance ?
He grows a long red hair on the back of his head , trading bodies and backfire in other strange ways
A hair on his head turns long and red .

What does Thibault s ability to command local wolves lead people to believe ?
That he is a werewolf
that he is a werewolf

Who does Thibault use his second wish to get revenge on ?
Lord Vez
Lord of Vez .

Whose body does Thibault get transferred into ?
Lord Raoul of Vauparfond
Lord Rauol s .

What is happening to Thibault s house when he returns to his body ?
It is being burned down by angry townspeople
It is on fire .

How does Thibault get mortally wounded when he is in the body of Lord Raoul ?
He is caught with the wife of Count de-Mont-Gobert
From an earlier wish .

How does Thibault survive when he flees to the woods ?
Eating animals his wolf friends catch for him
eating animals

Why did the townsfolk set fire to Thibault s house ?
Because he has caused so much harm to so many people .
because he is scorned and hated by the community

How do the wolf and Thibault seal their agreement ?
By exchanging rings .
exchanging rings

Why was Thibault beaten by the gamekeeper ?
For interfering with the lord s hunting .
for interfering with the lord s hunting

What do the townspeople think Thibault becomes as a result of his relationship with the wolves ?
A warewolf .
A werewolf .

Who does Thibault trade bodies with ?
Lord Raoul .
Lord Raoul of Vauparfond

How is the Count de Mont-Gobert able to catch Thibault with his wife ?
Because Thibault had made a wish against Lord Raoul .
because Rhibault made a wish that turned him into the man having an affair with the count s wife

What is the cost of each wish Thibault makes ?
One hair of his head .
The hairs on his head turn long and red

How is Thibault able to survive in the forest after he escapes his burning house ?
His wolf friends bring him food .
he feeds on animals caught for him by the wolves

What is the condition of Thibaults hair at the end of the story ?
He has one human hair left .
He has one hair left .

Which two characters are hunting each other at the end of the story ?
Lord Vez and Thibault .
Thibault , Lord of Vez

What was Dumas s native town ?
Villers-Cotterets .
Villers-Cotteretts

What is Thibaults profession ?
He s a shoe-maker .
shoe-maker

Why is Thibault beaten by the gamekeeper ?
For interfering with the lord s hunting .
for interfering with the lord s hunting

For every wish , what does Thibault have to give in return ?
One of his own hairs .
He has to give up one hair on his head

What seals the agreement between Thibault and the wolf ?
They exchange rings .
Vengeance .

What is the now reputation of Thibault ?
Being a werewolf .
probably that he is a werewolf

After his first wishes , what happens to Thibaults hair ?
They turn long and red .
They turn long and red .

Who does Thibault trade bodies with ?
Lord Raoul of Vauperfond .
Lord Rauol of Vauparfond

What happens when Thibault is trapped in his home ?
The townsfolk set it on fire .
It is set on fire .

Whaere does Thibault escape too ?
The forest .
The forest .

