What city does Coraline and her family move to at the beginning of the story ?
Ashland , Oregon .
Ashland , Oregon .

Who is Wyburn Wybie Lovat ?
He is the grandson of the landlady of the Pink Palace Apartments .
the landladys grandson

What powers does the black cat have when it enters the Other World ?
The cat can talk and make itself disappear and reappear .
Appear and disappear behind objects and talk .

What does Coraline have to do if she wants to stay in the Other World forever ?
Have buttons sewn over her eyes .
buttons sewn over her eyes

Why does Coraline like her Other World parents better than her real ones ?
They are warm and pay more attention to her .
They are warm and attentive .

What do the ghost children need in order to escape from the mirror ?
Their real eyes .
Their eyes

Where were Coraline s parents being imprisoned in the Other World ?
In a snow globe .
in a snowglobe

What was the Other Mother s true form ?
An arachnoid witch .
arachnoid

How does Coraline get rid of the key to the Other World ?
She throws it down a well .
she drops it down the well

What does Coraline do with the doll when she returns home ?
She burns it .
Burns the doll

Who has a missing twin sister ?
The landlady , Mrs. Lovat .
mrs lovat

In the Other World , what does the garden look like ?
It looks like Coraline s face .
looks like hCoralines face

On which visit is Coraline imprisoned by the Other Mother ?
On the third visit .
Third .

Who sends the button-eyed dolls to children ?
The Other Mother .
Wybie .

How does Coraline get rid of the key ?
She throws the key down a well .
throw it down the well

How does the ghost communicate with Coraline after Coraline escapes from the Other World ?
The ghost appears in Coraline s dream .
Through the mirror

What will Coraline have to do if she loses the game against the Other Mother ?
She will have to stay in the Other World forever .
Stay in the other world forever

Who alerts Coraline that her parents have been kidnapped ?
the Cat .
The cat .

Why did Coraline go back to the door at night ?
She followed a mouse through the door .
she follows the black cat

What do the ghost children need from Coraline in order to escape from behind the mirror ?
They need her to find their real eyes .
Their real eyes .

What are the hands composed of that are making a doll to resemble Coraline ?
Sewing needles .
Sewing needles .

Where does Coraline s family live before they move to Ashland , Oregon ?
Pontiac , Michigan
Pontiac , Michigan

Where does Coraline s family live once they arrive in Ashland , Oregon ?
The Pink Palace Apartments .
Pink Palace Apartments

How old is Coraline ?
Eleven years old .
11 years old

What were Ms. Spink and Forcible s professions before they retired ?
Actresses .
actresses

What are Coraline s parents always working on ?
A garden catalog .
garden catalogue

What is always following Wybie around ?
A black cat .
The black cat .

What does Coraline follow through the small brick sealed door ?
A mouse .
mouse

What do the inhabitants of the Other World have for eyes ?
Buttons .
Buttons .

Where does the Other Mother imprison Coraline ?
Behind a mirror .
Behind a mirror

