How many admirer s does Crystal have ?
Three
Three .

Who gets their revenge at Crystal s bethrothal to Victor de Marmont ?
Maurice de St. Genis
Maurice

What does Maurice accuse the Comte of pinning to the walls of Grenoble ?
Napoleon s proclomation
de Marmont

Which admirer does Crystal ultimately end up with ?
Bobby Clyffurde
Clyurde

Who disrupts the ceremony of Crystal s betrothal ?
Maurice de St. Genis
St Genis

What does Maurice consider to be worse than 20 years of exile ?
An alliance with the Comte
An alliance with a traitor .

Why does Clyffurde confront de Marmont ?
Clyffurde thinks de Marmont is pretending to be a royalist .
De Marmont is pretending to be a royalist .

How does the Comte react when accused of being a traitor ?
He waves the declarations while shouting Vive l'Empureur
He goes pale .

What is the name of Crystal s father ?
His name is Comte de Cambray .
Comte de Cambray

To whom is Crystal going to be betrothed at the beginning of the story ?
She is on the eve of her betrothal to Victor de Marmont .
de Marmont .

What is Bobby Clyffurde s nationality ?
Bobby Clyffurde is an Englishman .
English

Where did Victor de Maemont pin Napoleon s proclamation ?
He pinned the proclamation on the walls of Grenoble .
On Grenoble walls .

Why does the Comte de Cabbray consider Maurice de St. Genis an unsuitable match for Crystal ?
The Comte sees Maurice as a penniless good-for-nothing .
he s penniless

How is Maurice de St. Genis dressed at Crystal s betrothal ceremony ?
Maurice is dressed in rough clothing and muddy boots .
Rough clothes and muddy boots .

What is Bobby Clyffurde s profession ?
Clyffurde is a merchant .
English merchant

What is the Comte de Cambray s political convictions ?
The Comte is a royalist .
de Marmont s political convictions

For how many years has the Comte de Cambray been exiled ?
The Comte is in exile for twenty years .
20

What does St. Genis accuse de Marmont of ?
St. Genis accuses de Marmont of being a traitor .
On pinning Napoleon s proclamation on the Grenoble walls .

What are the names of the three people who want to be with Crystal ?
St. Genis and de Marmont , and Clyffurde want to win over Crystal in love .
Bobby Clyffurde , Maurice de St. Genis , and de Marmont .

Who does Crystal ultimately end up with ?
Crystal end up with Clyffurde .
St. Genis

Why does n't Crystal s father approve of St. Genis ?
Cyrstal s father thinks St. Genis is poor .
views him as penniless , out-of-elbows , good for nothing

How does de Marmont respond of his accusation ?
de Marmont defends his actions and does not deny them .
Saying that the accused have taken his political convictions for granted .

How many sisters does Crystal have ?
Crystal has 0 sisters , she is the only daughter .
none

Why does St. Genis interrupt Crystal s betrothal ?
St. Genis does not want Crystal to marry de Marmont .
To avert the catastrophe .

At the end , who does Clyffurde ask a question to ?
Clyffurde asks Cyrstal s aunt a question .
Crystal s aunt

What did de Marmont post on the walls of Grenoble ?
de Marmont posts Napoleon s proclamation on the walls of Grenoble .
Napoleon s proclamation

What is St. Genis clutching when he interrupts the betrothal ?
St. Genis is clutching a cane .
His cane .

