What causes TJ to become depressed at the beginning of the story ?
his mother dies in a car crash
His mother dies .

Why does TJ follow the car when it is towed away ?
his mother died in it , and he s obsessed with it
so he can sleep in it

Who sets Dustin s car on fire ?
Hesher
Hesher

What does Hesher vandalize at the for-sale house ?
the swimming pool
The swimming pool

Why is TJ unable to buy back his mother s car ?
it s already been removed when he gets there
it s been removed

Why does TJ trash Hesher s van ?
he catches him having sex with Nicole
TJ trashes Hesher s van because he caught Hesher sleeping with Nicole .

What happens to TJ s mother s car ?
it is crushed
It was compacted .

What does TJ say when asked to speak at his grandma s funeral ?
he has nothing to say
Nothing

What personal story does Hesher tell at Madeline s funeral ?
how shrapnel destroyed one of his testicles
How he was injured in the testicles by an exploding fan growing up .

What is painted on the roof at the end ?
Hesher was here
Hesher was here

How did T.J. s mother die ?
In a car crash .
She dies in a car accident

What is Nicole s job ?
Grocery store clerk .
grocery store clerk

What did Hesher secretly do to Dustin s car after Dustin blames T.J. for vandalizing it ?
Set the car on fire .
sets the car on fire

What did Hesher promise Madeleine the night before she dies ?
He told her that he would walk with her in the morning .
Hesher promised he d walk with her in the morning .

What does Hesher set on fire in the house that is for sale ?
The diving board .
the swimming pool

Who gets into an argument the night before Madeleine s death ?
T.J. and his father , Paul .
T.J. and Paul get into an argument the night before Madeliene dies .

How does T.J. get money that he wants to use to buy back his mother s car ?
He steals his father s credit card .
steals hsi father s credit card

How does Hesher finally fulfill his promise to walk with Madeleine ?
He helps carry her casket to the cemetery after the funeral .
he does n't . madeleine dies,

What happens to the crushed remains of the car that T.J. s mother died in ?
Hesher leaves it in the driveway of T.J. s home .
Hesher dumped them in the driveway

What does Hesher paint on the roof of T.J. s home ?
Hesher was here .
Hesher was here

How is the relationship between T.J. and his dad ?
He thinks his dad is a dead beat . Him and his dad lost connection .
strained

What did Hesher and Nicole do to make T.J. never want to see them again ?
They slept together .
They had sex with one another

What causes all this depression and anger in T.J. ?
The loss of his mother .
His mother s death

What is shown throughout the story about Hesher ?
He is a criminal that has never gotten caught ?
hesher is depressed and upset

Name at least two crimes that Hesher commited ?
He blew up Dustin s car and and trashed a random swimming pool .
lighting the diving board on fire , and lighting Dustin s car on fire

What is TJ s relationship with his grandmother ?
They dont seem very close . He had nothing to say about her at her funeral .
He doesnt have anything good to say at her funeral

