What is the first test she need to pass to a part of the U.S Navy ?
The first test is the training course of the U.S Navy combined Recconnaissance team .
A training course

What is O´Neil Fighting for ?
She want the navy to be gender-neutral , to be the same for men and women .
To be given the chance to be held to the same standards as her male counterparts

Why is O`Neil thinking about ringing out ?
Because she will not accept a desk job during her investigation .
she doesnt want a desk job

How many hours a day did she have to train for in the tasks ?
She had 20- hours day tasks .
Twenty .

O'Neil because known as what ? why ?
G.I Jane because she proved everyone wrong .
G.I . Jane because of her strength and refusal to quit the training program

Who was trying to harm O'neil ?
Senator DeHaven did not want O'neil to suceed .
Senator DeHaven and the Master Chief Urgayle both try to harm her .

Oneil has experience in what kind of other work ?
As topographical analyst .
She was a topographical analyst .

What was the final phase of training ?
An operational readiness exercise .
operational readiness exercise

Where is the team of U.S Army rangers of sent to ?
To retrieve the plutonium .
libyan desert

How do you knowDid G.I Jane acomplish her goals ?
Because she was acknowledge at the end forbher hard work and bravery
She gained respect from her fellow soldiers .

What U.S. state is Lillian from ?
Texas
texas

What position is Lillian interviewing for ?
Secretary of the Navy
secretary of navy

Who does senator DeHaven hand pick for the first training course ?
Jordan O'Neil
jordan o'neil

What is the percentage of candidates that fail the training course ?
60 %
60 %

Who runs the brutal training program ?
John James Urgayle
Master Chief John James Urgayle

What object does Urgayle tie Lillian to ?
A chair
chair

What trumped up charge does Lillan have to contend with ?
Being a lesbian
That she is a lesbian .

Whose office did the photo of O'Neils fraternization come from ?
Senator DeHaven
dehaven

What are the Army Rangers trying to retrieve on their mission ?
Plutonium
plutonium

What does Senator Dehaven criticize the Navy for ?
Not being gender-neutral .
Not being gender neutral

How is the Navy going to decide if the Navy should be gender neutral ?
By comparing men and women in a series of test cases .
test cases

How long are the training days of hell week ?
20 hours .
20 hours

What is the first test ?
The training course .
a fictionalized version of the Navy Seals training course

How does O'neil first gain the respect of the other men ?
O'neil fights Master Chief .
fighting back & injuring the master chief while tied to a chair

What is O'neil charged with ?
Being a lesbian .
That she is a lesbian and having relationships with women

Where did the photo evidence of O'neil s fraternization come from ?
Senator Dehaven
dehavens office

What does O'neil threaten to do to Dehaven ?
Expose her for fraud .
expose her

Who does O'neil rescue ?
Master Chief .
Master Chief .

What happens on the final phase of training ?
It is interrupted by a mission .
An emergency occurs and the CRT trainees are needed

