Who is David Gale ?
A professor on death row in a Texas prison .
Convicted

Who is Bitsey Bloom ?
She is a journalist from a major news magazine .
journalist from a major news magazine

What is Bitsey Bloom known for ?
She is known for keeping secrets and protecting her news sources .
Her ability to keep secrets and protect her sources .

How much money did David Gale receive for telling his story ?
A half million dollars .
$ 0

What was David Gale falsely accused of ?
He is accused of raping a graduate student by the name of Berlin .
rape

What crime was David Gale convicted for ?
The rape and murder of Constance Harraway .
rape and murder

What was it that David Gale protested against ?
He was against the death penalty .
The death penalty

What does Bitsey Bloom become convinced of ?
She becomes convinced that the evidence against David Gale does n't add up and that David is innocent .
Gale s innocence

What really happened to Constance Harraway ?
She swallowed the key to the handcuffs and suffocated herself with a plastic bag .
She committed suicide .

Who does Bitsey Bloom believe killed Constance Harraway ?
Her one time lover Dusty Wright .
Dusty Wright .

Where is David Gale at the beginning of the story ?
He is a prisoner on death row in Texas .
In prison on death row .

What crime does Berlin accuse David of ?
She accuses him of rape following a night of rough sex .
rape

Why does David lose the debate with the governor of Texas ?
He is unable to point to a definite innocent person being executed during the governor s term .
because he ca n't think of a single innocent person sentenced to death

How was Constance found the night after staying with David ?
Raped and murdered , with a plastic bag taped over her head .
raped and killed with a plastic bag over her head

Why is David on death row ?
He was accused of Constance s rape and murder .
The murder of Constance Harroway

Who tails Bitsey as she investigates David s case ?
Dusty Wright , Constance s colleague and lover .
Dusty Wright

What does Dusty give Bitsey ?
Evidence that indicates David might have been framed .
evidence

What is on the first videotape Bitsey views ?
A scene depicting Constance and Dusty staging a suicide to look like murder and framing David for the crime .
Gale is framed

What happens when Bitsey presents the evidence to authorities ?
David s execution has already been carried out and it leads to a public uproar .
Bitsey learns that David Gale s execution was carried out .

What is on the last videotape Bitsey views ?
Evidence that David had been present at Constance s death after all .
David Gale leaving touching the body and leaving his fingerprints on it .

What was David Gale s profession ?
University professor .
He is a professor

Where did David Gale teach ?
University of Texas .
The University of Texas

What did Gale campaign against ?
Capital Punishment .
capital punishment

What is Gale arrested for ?
Rape .
Murder .

Who is murdered ?
Constance Harroway .
Constance Harroway

Who is the suspect in Harroway s death ?
David Gale .
David Gale

What is Gale convicted of ?
Rape and murder .
murder

What is Gale s sentence ?
Death .
death sentence

Who does Bloom suspect the real killer is ?
Dusty Wright .
Dusty Wright

Who actually killed Harroway ?
Constance Harroway .
Harroway

