Who occupied Cloomber Hall ?
John Berthier Heatherstone
John Heatherstone

What do people hear when they are around Heatherstone ?
The tolling of a bell .
A bell

On what date does Heatherstone become the most paranoid ?
October 5th
October 5

Who were the three shipwreck survivors ?
Three Buddhist Monks
Buddhist priests

What did the priest do to Heatherstone and Smith ?
Order them to jump into a bottomless pit .
He took them to the Hole of Cree and either threw them in or ordered them to jump in

Why did the general tell his son to do if her went missing ?
Deliver a parcel to West
give the parcel to John Fothergill West

What is in the parcel ?
Pages from Heatherstone s diary .
A letter and some old papers

What war did Heatherstone participate in ?
The First Afghan War
The First Afghan War

Who was the old man that Heatherstone and Smith killed ?
A Buddhist Priest
He was the arch-adept .

How did the three monks know the old man ?
The old man was their teacher .
they were his students

What was Heatherstone s former job ?
A general in the Indian Army .
He was a general in the Indian Army .

What are Heatherstone s fears connected to ?
Some people in India whom he has offended .
The fears are connected to some people in India that Heatherstone offended

What happens on the fifth of October every year ?
Heatherstone s paranoia peaks
he became very fearful

Who are the survivors of the shipwreck at the bay ?
Three Buddhist priests .
three Buddhist priests

Which two people do the Buddhist priests summon out of Cloomber Hall ?
General Heatherstone and Colonel Rufus Smith
General Heatherstone and Coolnel Rufus Smith

Where do the priests take the two men ?
Hole of Cree
Hole of Cree

What do the priests order the men to do when they reach their destination ?
They order them to jump in or else be thrown in .
jump in

Who does the General leave a parcel for ?
West .
his son

What is in the parcel left for West ?
A letter and some old papers .
a letter and some old papers

Why did the chelas allow the General to live for 40 years ?
To prolong his misery .
to extend his misery

Why was General Heatherstone allowed to live by the old man s students ?
The chelas want the General to suffer in misery for forty years to avenge the death of the old man .
To prolong his misery

What is Cloomber Hall ?
The residence settled into by General Heatherstone .
A home that was empty for years

Who is John Fothergill West ?
The fiance of General Heatherstone s daughter Gabriel .
the general s daughter s finace

What controls General Heatherstone and Colonel Smith when they are summoned from Cloomer Hall ?
The psychic powers of Buddhist priests .
Pyschic powers from the Buddist monks .

What is the source of General Heatherstone s dismay ?
He fears retribution from his past actions while in the army during the First Afghan War .
His guilt for killing .

What was to be given to West in the event of the General s death ?
Journal pages that detail the atrocities committed against the Afridis by the General and Colonel Smith .
General Heatherstone s diary .

What was the purpose of the bells sounding above the General s head ?
To keep the general in a constant state of fear about the chelas ' intention to always avenge the old man s death .
To remind the General that he can never escape the chelas ' wrath

Why did General Heatherstone kill the old man during the war ?
The old man tried to thwart the General s attempt to kill the fleeing Afridis .
He want to kill what remaing of his enemies .

Why was the old man revered ?
He had reached the highest level of the Buddhist priesthood .
said to have Psychic powers

How did the Buddhist priests travel to Branksome ?
They were passengers on a ship that wrecked in the bay .
by boat

