Why does Deirdre want to stay in the countryside ?
She does not want to be married to the old king , Conchubor .
She does n't want to marry an old man .

Who does Deirdre marry ?
She marrys Naoise , son of Usna .
Naoise

How many years are Deirdre and Naoise married before Conchubor sends for them ?
Seven years .
7 years

Why does Deirdre fear for Naoise s life if they return to Ulster ?
The spy Owen tells her that death awaits him there .
There s a prophecy that she will his doom .

What does the prophesy fortell for the sons of Usna ?
It fortells that Deirdre is their doom .
Doom .

How does Naoise respond to Fergus when he arrives with the peace offering ?
He wants to stay on the island with Deirdre .
He will live the rest of his life with Deidre

How does Lavarcham try to decieve the old king Conchubor ?
He says that Deirdre has grown old and ugly .
He tells him Deirdre looks old and is not beautiful .

Who tells Conchubor that Deirdre is still beautiful ?
The soldiers .
Soldiers of Conchubor s

How does the prophesy come true ?
Naoise and his brothers are killed by Conchubor s soldiers .
conchubor and his soldiers arrive to try to steal Deirdre

How does Deirdre react to her husbands death ?
She stabs herself .
She stabs herself

What prophecy is maid about Deirdre ?
She will be the doom of the sons of Usna .
she will doom the sons of Usna

How does Deirdre convince Naoise that they should accept Conchubor s offering of peace ?
She says it is better to die while they are young and at the peak of their love .
By telling him its better to die young

What does Lavarcham tell Conchubor to try and convince him to give up on Deirdre ?
Lavarcham says that Deirdre is now old and no longer beautiful .
Deidre is an old hag .

What does Deirdre do at the end of the story ?
She kills herself with Naoise s dagger .
Deidre kills herself .

How is the High King of Ulster ?
Conchubor is the High King of Ulster .
Old .

Where do Deirdre and Naoise live after marrying ?
The live in Alban .
on a remote island

Who is Owen ?
Owen is a spy working for Conchubor .
A spy .

What do Fergus and his men do when they find out what the kind has done ?
The set the king s palace on fire .
Set fire to Emain Macha .

What does Conchubor want Lavarcham to do at the beginning of the story ?
Conchubor wants Lavarcham to raise Deirdre to be his queen when she is grown .
To raise Deirdre to be his queen .

What does Lavarcham try to convince Deirdre to do at the end of the story ?
Lavarcham tries to convince Deirdre to run away from Ulster .
To flee .

Who is Conchubor ?
The High King of Ulster
The Old King of Ulster

What does Conchubor make Lavarcham in charge of ?
Raising Deirdre to be his wife by the time she is old enough
He charged him with raising the child to be the old King s wife .

What does the prophecy regarding Deirdre reveal ?
She will be the death of the sons of Usna
She will be the doom off the sons of Ulsna

Who does Deirdre marry ?
Naoise
Naoise

Where did Deirdre and the sons of Usna before going to Emain ?
Alban
They went to Alban

Who pressures Deirdre into returning to Emain ?
Owen
Fergus

Who warns Deirdre not to accept Conchubor s offer of peace ?
Lavarcham
Lavarcham

How does Deirdre convince Naoise to accept Conchubor s offer ?
She tells him that it s better they die young madly in love
she talks about them going to die .

What does Lavarcham say to convince Conchubor to give up on his pursuit of Deirdre ?
She is old and ugly
He says that she has grown old and lost her beauty .

Who sets Emain Macha on fire ?
Fergus and his men
Fergus and his men

