What does Gin tell Cruz when she calls him from the payphone ?
She informs Cruz of Mac s location .
The location of where her and Mac are hiding out .

How much money does Mac allegedly keep from the heist at the International Clearance Bank ?
One billion dollars .
1 billion dollars

What was Mac s number one rule ?
To never carry a gun .
Never carry a gun

What did Mac believe the consequence of carrying a gun would be ?
The temptation to use it .
If you carry it you ll be tempted to use it .

What did Mac promise to do when he made a deal with the FBI after being arrested ?
To help them arrest Gin .
Help the FBI arrest Gin

What happens as a result of Gin unplugging her laptop too soon during the International Clearance Bank heist ?
It caused the alarms to go off .
She sets off alarms .

Where to Mac and Gin hide out in Scotland while they plan he theft of the Chinese mask ?
An isolated castle .
Mac s hideout , which is an abandoned castle

How did Mac and Thibadeaux actually know each other ?
Thibadeaux was the one who caught and arrested Mac .
Thibadeaux had arrested Mac two years earlier .

What are Mac and Gin doing during the final seconds of the new 2000 millennium countdown ?
They are stealing the Chinese mask from the Bedford Palace .
They are performing a theft of 8 billion dollars .

What did Mac give to Gin so she could make the escape down the ventilation shaft ?
He had to give her his parachute .
His mini-parachute .

Robert Mac MacDougal is a professional thief that specializes in what ?
International art
international art

How does Virginia Gin Baker try to entrap Mac ?
By claiming that she is also a professional thief and will help him steal a priceless Chinese mask .
By pretending to be a thief herself and planning to help him steal a priceless Chinese mask .

What is the reason for Mac s number one rule , Never carry a gun ?
If you carry a gun you might be tempted to use it
you carry a gun , you might be tempted to use it

Who provided supplies for the theft ?
Aaron Thibadeaux
Aaron Thibadeaux

What is Aaron Thibadeaux s relationship to Mac ?
The only ally that Mac trusts
Thibadeaux is Mac s friend and equipment supplier .

What does Mac accuse Gin of after the mask is stolen ?
Planning to sell the mask and turn him in
That she plans on selling the mask and turning him in .

What is confirmed when Gin is tracked down by Cruz and his team ?
That she is still on a mission to bring Mac in
That she is still on the mission to bring Mac in .

What did Gin loose during the escape ?
Her parachute
Her parachute

Who did Mac show up with at the train station ?
Thibadeaux and FBI agents
Thibadeaux , Cruz , and other FBI agents .

How did Gin get the FBI agents to not follow her onto the train ?
By pretending to hold Mac hostage
By threatening to shoot Mac .

What does Mac specialize in ?
International art
taking international art

What promise does Gin make to Mac ?
Gin promises to help Mac steal a priceless Chinese mask
To help him steal a Chinese mask from the Bedford Palace

Where do Mac and Gin go to to plan their complicated theft ?
Scotland
A castle .

Who come to Mac s castle with the supplies for the heist ?
Aaron Thibadeaux
Aaron Thibadeaux

Who is Gin s boss ?
Hector Cruz
Hector Cruz

In which tower of Petronas Towers do Mac and Gin carry out their heist ?
North Tower
The North Tower

Who turns out to be the secret FBI agents ?
Aaron
Aaron Thibadeaux

What deal did Mac make with the FBI ?
Help capture Gin
He made a deal to turn in Gin .

How many of the eight billion dollars did Mac return from the heist ?
Seven billion dollars
Seven million .

