Where does Arthur work ?
In the Metropolitan Tower
An engineering firm at the Metropolitan Tower .

What is Arthur s profession ?
He s an engineer
Engineer .

What odd thing begins happening in the sky ?
The sun begins moving backwards , west to east
The sun moves backwards in the sky and quickly sets in the east .

Where is the building falling backwards into ?
The past
The past

Who figures out what s going on first ?
Arthur
Arthur Chamberlain

Who does Arthur go to with him plan ?
The bank s president
A bank president .

How long does it take Arthur to finish his plan ?
2 weeks
Two weeks

How does Arthur implement his plan ?
He forces soapy water into an artisan well beneath the building that builds pressure
He forced a jet of soapy water into a well under the building .

What groups are the people split into ?
Hunting and fishing parties
Hunting and fishing parties .

Who is the protagonist of the story ?
Arthur Chamberlain
Arthur Chamberlain

What does Arthur Chamberlain do in the Metropolitan Tower ?
He works as an engineer .
He works as an engineer .

What does Arthur realize about the sun ?
That it is moving backwards .
It is moving backwards in the sky instead of forwards .

What happens to the Metropolitan Tower due to a flaw in the rock underneath the building ?
It begins to move backwards in time .
It sinks into the past

Where do the people in the Metropolitan Tower end up ?
pre-Columbian Manhattan .
At the exact moment of their departure .

What is the most immediate concern the group faces in their new location ?
Finding food .
Feeding themselves

What do Chamberlain and the President of the bank do together ?
Arrange hunting and fishing parties .
Organize the office workers into hunting and fishing parties to get food .

How long does Chamberlain believe it will take to return to the present ?
Several weeks .
Several weeks

Why does Chamberlain put water into a well underneath the building ?
In order to release pressure from the rock underneath the building .
To release the pressure in the rock

Where does the Metropolitan Tower end up at the end of the story ?
The exact moment in the future where they time traveled into the past .
Back in modern day time .

Where did Arthur Chamberlain work ?
Arthur Chamberlain work at Metropolitan Tower
The Metropolitan Tower

What was Artur Chamberlain job ?
He was an engineer
An engineer in an office building .

What happen to Metropolitan Tower ?
It fell backward to the past
It fell backwards in time to the pre-Columbian era .

What happen to the people in the building ?
They were stranded in pre- Columbian Manhattan
They traveled to the past and then two weeks later back to the present .

What did the people do for food ?
They were hunting and fishing for food
They hunt and fish

How long were they in the past before return to the present ?
Two weeks
Two weeks .

What did Chamberlain did to move the building forward ?
He inject soapy water beneath the building
He forces a strong stream of soapy water into the well to release the built up pressure in the rock .

What causes the buiding to moved backward to the past . ?
Rock under the building was faulty
A flaw in the building s bedrock is causing it to slip backwards in time .

What floor was the president of the bank ?
First floor
First floor

