Who arrives in Karkow during World War II ?
Oskar Schindler .
Amon Goth .

What does the factory Shindler acquires produce ?
Enamelware .
enamelware

Who arrives in Karkow to oversee construction of Plaszow concentration camp ?
Amon Goth .
SS-Untersturmfoher , Amon Goth

Who does Schindler notice in particular ?
A tiny girl in a red coat .
A girl wearing a red coat .

What is Goth ordered to do once the Germans start to lose the war ?
Ship the Jews left over at Plaszow to the Auschwitz concentration camp .
Ship the remaining Jews to Auschwitz .

What do Schindler and Stern create in order to save some being transported to Auschwitz ?
Schindler s List .
A list of Jews to be transferred to Brinnlitz

What does Schindler bribe Rudolf Hoss for the win of those at Aushwitz ?
A bag of diamonds .
bag of diamonds

When does Schindler run out of money ?
In 1945 , the year Germany surrenders .
In 1945

To avoid capture , who must Schindler flee ?
The Red Army .
the Red Army

What do Schindler s workers give him ?
A ring engraved with a Talmudic quotation .
A signed statement and an engraved ring .

Who does Schindler particularly notice during the massacre when the ghetto is liquidated ?
A tiny girl in a red coat .
A girl in a red coat .

What is engraved on the ring Schindler is given by the workers ?
Whoever saves one life saves the world entire .
Whoever saves one life saves the world entire

What is the German name for second lieutenant ?
Untersturmfuhrer .
SS Untersturmfuhrer

How does Schindler persuade the SS guards when the Red army is coming not to kill the Jews ?
He tells them not to so they can return to their families as men , instead of murderers .
He convinces them that not killing the Jews will let them return to their families as men instead of murderers .

What is the German name for German armed forces ?
Wehrmacht .
Wehrmacht

What is the name of the concentration camp Goth oversees construction of ?
Plaszow .
Plaszow

Where is Schindler s hometown ?
Zwittau-Brinnlitz .
Zwittau-Brinnlitz

What is Schindler s List ?
A list of factory workers to be transported to Schindler s home town and saved from the concentration camp .
a list of Jews to be transferred to Schindler s new factory and saved from Auschwitz

When the people on Schindler s list are accidentally sent to a concentration camp , what does Schindler use as a bribe to get them released ?
A bag of diamonds .
diamonds

What is Oskar Schindler s ethnicity ?
German .
German

Why does Schindler acquire a factory ?
To make enamelware .
To save the Jews from Aushwitz .

Who does Schindler enlist to help run the company ?
Itzhak Stern .
Itzhak Stern

Why does Schindler hire Jewish workers ?
Because they cost less .
They cost less

Who arives in Krakow to oversee the construction of the Plaszow concentration camp ?
Amon Goth .
Amon Goth

How does Schindler bribe the commandant of Auschwitz for the release of women and children ?
With a bag of diamonds .
A bag of diamonds

In what year does Schindler run out of money ?
1945 .
1945

Why must Schindler flee the advancing Red Army ?
Because he is a member of the Nazi Party and a war profiteer .
He s a Nazi and a war profiteer .

On what do the workers engrave the quotation , Whoever saves one life saves the world entire ?
A ring .
A ring

Where is Schindler s grave ?
In Jerusalem .
Jerusalem

