What were Harold Dawson and Louden Downey accused of ?
The murder of their fellow Marine Private William Santiago .
Murder .

Where was Private Santiago killed ?
At the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba .
Guantanamo Bay

What was code red ?
A violent extrajudicial punishment .
A violent extrajudicial punishment .

To whom was Dawson and Downey s case passed ?
Liuetenant Daniel Kaffee
Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee

Why did Dawson learn at Guantanamo not to disobey any order ?
He was denied a promotion for having disobeyed once , helping a marine from code red .
they would be denied a promotion

What did a cross-examination find out ?
Downey was not there when Dawson received a code red order .
That Downey was n't present when Dawson received a code red order .

What did Galloway convince Kaffee to do ?
To call Jessup as a witness despite the possibility of being court-marshalled .
to call jessup up to testify

What did Jessup eventually reveal ?
That he actually ordered code red .
That he ordered the code red .

What were Dawson and Downey still charged of being guilty with ?
Conduct unbecoming a United States Marine .
Unbecoming conduct .

What did Kaffee tell Dawson that he did not need ?
A patch on his arm to have honor .
A patch on his arm as a symbol of honor .

What is a code red order ?
An violent order outside the law .
An extrajudicial punishment .

Why does Markinson commit suicide ?
Because he failed to protect someone under his command .
To protect a fellow Marine .

Why was Santiago targeted for a code red order ?
Because he was not a very good marine , and did n't fit in with his squad .
He had poor relations with his fellow Marines .

Who is the lawyer in charge of defending Downey and Dawson ?
Daniel Kaffee .
lieutenant daniel kaffee

Why does Jessup refrain from transferring Santiago ?
He did not want to surrender to the challenge of bettering Santiago .
He regards transfer as as akin to surrender .

Why is Jessup eventually arrested ?
Because Kaffee catches him in a lie during examination .
He ordered the code red .

How does Kaffee initially want to handle the case ?
With a plea bargain .
plea bargin

What did Dawson and Downey say they were ordered to do to Santiago ?
Shave his head .
Shave Santiago s head .

Who initially wants to take the case of defending Dawson and Downy ?
JoAnne Galloway .
Galloway .

Who suggests that Private Santiago be transferred immediately ?
Matthew Markinson
Matthew Markinson .

Who is ordered to train Santiago to become a better Marine ?
Jonathan James Kendrick
Lieutenant Jonathan James Kendrick

Who initially suspected the officers carried out a code red on Santiago ?
Joanne Galloway
JoAnne Galloway .

Who is given the case to represent Dawson and Downey ?
Daniel Kaffee
Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee

Who commits suicide ?
Markinson
Santiago

Who eventually reveals that he ordered the code red ?
Jessup
Jeesup

What are Dawson and Downey found guilty of ?
Conduct unbecoming a U.S. Marine
Conduct Unbecoming a Marine .

What happens to Dawson s and Downey s military career ?
They are dishonorably discharge
Dishonorable discharges for both .

After the trial , who gives Kaffee a salute ?
Dawson
dawson

