Along which border was agent 007 sent to spy by ?
The Russian border .
M16

What kind of attack is going to be launched against the arms bazaar ?
A missile attack .
A missile attack .

Whose ship is damaged by detonators ?
Carver s stealth ship .
Carver s .

Who does Bond send into the waters to drown ?
Wai Lin .
Stamper throws Wai Lin into the water to drown and Bond dives in to save her .

What is used to kill Carver ?
A sea drill .
sea drill

What is stolen by Bond right before Carver orders Paris and Bond to be killed ?
GPS encoder .
The GPS encoder .

Why is Roebuck ordered to deploy the British Fleet ?
To recover the frigate .
To recover a frigate and maybe retaliate against the Chinese .

What is missing from a sunken ship ?
A cruise missile .
A cruise missile

Which government is Carver attempting to eradicate ?
The Chinese government .
Chinese .

Where was Carver s stealth ship found ?
In Ha Long Bay .
Ha Long Bay .

Who is James Bond ?
He is agent 007 , a spy for MI6 .
Agent 007

How does Bond react to finding nuclear torpedos on the L-39 Albatros ?
He reacts by hijacking the plane to keep the weapons from destroying the terrorist bazaar .
He hijacks the L-39 and flies away .

How does Carver attempt to start a war between Britain and China ?
By sinking a British ship and a Chinese aircraft to make it look like the other country did it
By using the stolen missile

Why does Bond seduce Paris , his ex-girlfriend ?
She is the wife of Carver and she may have information about him
To get information help enter Carver newspaper

What causes Carver to order that his wife , Paris , and Bond to be killed ?
Having his GPS encoder stolen by Bond
Bond seduced Paris to gain information to steal back the GPS encoder .

Who is captured alongside Bond while investigating the sunken ship ?
Wai Lin , a chinese agent
Wai Lin .

How does Carver die ?
From Bond using one of Carver s sea drills on Carver
Bond kills him with his own sea drill .

Why does Bond dive into the water at the end ?
To save Wai Lin and avoid the explosion
Save Wai Lin

What is the British Intelligence group that James Bond is a part of ?
Mi6
MI6 .

The Media encoder is stolen from the bazaar so that war can be provoked between the United Kingdom and what other country ?
China
China

Elliot Carver wants to replace the Chinese Government with one that has what specific advantage ?
The new government would have exclusive broadcasting rights .
Give him exclusive broadcasting rights .

How does Bond previously know Elliot Carvers wife Paris ?
She is Bond s ex-girlfriend .
Ex girlfriend

What is the name of the British frigate that Elliot Carver sinks with his stealth ship , and steals the nuclear missile from ?
The HMS Devonshire .
HMS Chester

The stealth ship that sinks the HMS Devonshire is under command of whom ?
Mr. , Stamper
Elliot Carver

Who is Elliot Carver s personal assassin ?
Dr. Kaufman
Dr. Kaufman

Elliot Carver commands that Dr. Kaufman assassinate both James bond and who else ?
Paris , whom is Elliot s wife as well .
Paris .

Where are Wai Lin and James bond taken when they are captured by Mr. Stamper at the site of the HMS Devonshire wreck ?
To the CMGN Tower in Ho Chi Minh City .
Ho Chi Minh City

When Wai Lin is captured on Carver s stealth ship , who does Bond take as his own hostage ?
Henry Gupta
Gupta

