What does Honey do for work ?
She s an actress
she s an actress

Why is Honey in Balitmore ?
To attend a premiere
She attends a premiere

What is the name of the group that kidnaps Honey ?
SprocketHoles
sprocketholes

Where does the band of misfits kidnap Honey ?
The theater
from a film premiere in Baltimore

Why does Cecil kidnap Honey ?
He wants her to star in his production
Her needs her to play the lead character

Where is the first scene in Cecil s production located ?
A luncheon
Abandoned movie theater

Who gets killed in the gunfight at the luncheon ?
Rodney the hairdresser
rodney

How did Honey react the second time she was kidnapped ?
She was more accepting
she join the crew of kidnappers

What does Cecil do to himself when police arrive ?
Sets himself on fire
he burns himself

What happens to Honey Whitlock in Baltimore ?
She is kidnapped by Cecil B. Demented .
She is kidnapped .

What is the name of Cecil B. Demented s gang ?
The Sprocketholes .
SprocketHole Crew

What does Cecil want Honey to do for him ?
To be the star of the masterpiece he is filming .
To light her hair on fire .

Where is the first on location scene of Cecil s shot out in Baltimore ?
At a luncheon hosted by the Baltimore Film Commission .
Baltimore Film Commission s lunch

What happens in the gunfight between police and Cecil s crew ?
Cecil is injured and Rodney is killed .
Cecil is wounded , and Rodney the hairdresser is killed

What does Honey watch on the telelvision after the gunfight ?
A special on her disappearance which highlights how mean spirited she was in her life .
a special program discussing her disappearance

What decision does Honey make after watching the special ?
To join Cecil s crew and be demented forever .
To join the SprocketHole Crew

What sequel does Cecil and crew infiltrate next ?
The sequel to Forrest Gump being recorded in Baltimore .
Forrest Gump

Where does the crew escape from the Teamsters at ?
Into a pornographic theatre .
at the set in Baltimore where a Forrest Gump sequel is being filmed

What does Cecil ask Honey to do for the final scene of his masterpiece ?
To light her hair on fire .
to light her hair on fire

Who exchanges gunfire after the luncheon ?
The Police and Cecil s crew .
Cecil s crew and the police .

Where is Honey held captive ?
An abandoned movie theater .
an abandoned movie theater

When Honey joins Cecil s group where does she brand herself ?
On her arm .
her arm

Who is the television station interview with ?
Honey s ex-husband .
People she knew and her ex-husband

What city is the Forrest Gump sequel being filmed at ?
Baltimore
Baltimore

What part of her body does Cecil ask Honey to light on fire ?
Her hair .
Her hair

What is the nickname of Cecil s gang ?
The SprocketHoles .
Sprocketholes

After they crash the luncheon what does Honey jump from ?
The roof .
The roof of the building

When Honey decides to join cecil s gang what does she declare herself ?
Demented forever .
Demented forever

What is Honey Whitlock s job ?
Actress .
she s an actress

