Why is Dinant upset at the beginning of the play ?
The woman he loves is marrying another man .
Because Lamira is marrying an old man .

Who does Dinant and Cleremont challenge to a duel ?
Verdone and Beaupre
Beaupre and Verdone

Who comes to Cleremont s aid during the morning duel ?
La Writ
La-Writ .

What does La Writ ignore his law practice to do ?
quarrel
querreling withh town bravos

What dilemma does La Writ place Cleremont by asking him to deliver a challenge ?
Cleremont can not refuse to deliver the challenge , but delivering the challenge to the judge will land him in jail .
Cleremont ca n't refuse to deliver it , but giving it to a judge will put him in jail .

What does Lamira do to embarrass Cleremont and Dinant ?
She sets up Cleremont to be found in bed with his niece and a tryst with Dinant .
Gets them involved in a fake tryst .

What causes La Write to give up quarreling and return to lawyering ?
He is beaten by Champernell .
He is beated badly by Champernell

In the play , who ends up together at the end ?
Cleremont and Anabel
Anabel and Cleremont

What happens when Dinant confronts Lamira ?
Lamira preserves her virtue and apologizes for tricking Dinant .
they reconcile

In what city does this story occur ?
Paris
Paris .

At the start of the tale , why is Dinant so upset ?
The woman he loves is marrying a rich , old man .
The woman he loves is marrying another man .

Which characters step forward to defend the honor of Lamira and Champernell after they were mocked at their wedding ?
Beaupre and Verdone
beaupre and

How did Lamira distract Dinant from his appointment with Beaupre and Verdone ?
She persuaded him to defend her honor against someone that did not exist .
Tells him her honor has been insulted .

Who does Cleremont persuade to act as his second in his duel with Beaupre and Verdone ?
The lawyer , La-Writ .
La-Writ

How was Cleremont embarrassed while helping Dinant have a tryst with Lamira ?
He was persuaded to take Lamira s place in bed with her husband .
He was told he would have to lay in bed with her husband

Who is Anabel ?
She is Champernell s 16 year old niece .
Champernells niece

What happened when La-Writ focused so much on dueling that he neglected his cases and failed to appear in court ?
His cases were dismissed by Vertaigne .
His cases are dismissed .

Who finally beats La-Writ by knocking him to the ground ?
Champernell
champernell

Which characters get married at the tale s close ?
Cleremont and Anabel
Cleremont and Anabel .

Why is Dinant in dejected spirits at the beginning of the play ?
Because the woman he loves is marrying another man .
The woman he loves is marrying someone else .

What is the name of Lamira s new husband ?
Champernell
Champernell

Why does n't Champernell fight back against Dinant and Cleremont when they confront him at his own wedding ?
Champernell sustained crippling injuries while fighting at sea and is now physically impaired .
He has a crippled arm and leg .

Which two characters challenge Dinant and Cleremont to a duel ?
Lamira s brother Beaupre and Champernell s nephew Verdone .
Beaupre and Verdone .

Why does Lamira trick Dinant into missing the duel ?
Lamira is afraid that Dinant will end up killing her brother .
She is afraid he will be killed .

What kind of profession does La-Writ practice when we are first introduced to him ?
La-Writ is a lawyer .
He is a lawyer

Who does Lamira trick Cleremont into lying in bed with ?
Champernell s niece Anabel .
Champernell s niece .

What happens when La-Writ fails to appear in court ?
La-Writ s cases are dismissed .
His cases are dismissed .

Who does La-Writ send as a messenger to deliver his challenge to the judge ?
Cleremont .
cleremont

Who ends up convincing La-Writ to give up fighting and to return to his professional responsibilities ?
Champernell .
Champernell does .

