Where does the story take place ?
The story takes place in the city of Sicca Veneria in Africa .
Sicca Veneria

Who is the Roman Emperor in the story ?
Emperor Decius
Decius

What is Callista s occupation ?
Carving statues of Pagan gods .
She is a carver .

Who is a key figure that guides Agellius back to Christianity ?
Caecilius
Caecilius , a Christian priest .

Agellius ' family , mentioned in the story , is of what faith ?
Pagan
Christianity

What event turns the people against Christianity once again ?
Plague of locusts
A plague of locust

Caecilius is also known as who ?
St. Cyprian of Carthage
St. Cyprian

What faith does Callista finally choose ?
Christianity
Christianity

What does Callista become ?
A martyr
A Christian

To what church does Callista find solace in ?
Catholic Church
Catholic Church

What is the key event that brings back public persecution of the Christians in Sicca Veneria ?
A plague of locusts in the city
A plague of locusts

Which character influences Agellius ' return to Christianity ?
The priest Caecilius
Caecilius .

What is the main conflict between Agellius and his family ?
They are pagans that want him to abandon Christianity
His Christian views versus their pagan beliefs

Where is Callista from ?
Greece
Greece .

Why does Agellius leave Sicca Veneria ?
The persecution of Christians drove him away
the hatred against Christians increases

What faith do Agellius ' family members share ?
Paganism
Christian

What is the revealed identity of Caecilius ?
St. Cyprian of Carthage
St. Cyprian of Carthage .

Where is Sicca Veneria ?
Africa
In the Roman province of Africa .

Who is Aristo to Callista ?
Her brother
Her brother .

Which religion does Callista choose to follow by the end of the story ?
Christianity
Christian .

Who is christian agellius ? tell us something about his life and the one who becomes his father figure . ?
christian is the man who wants to marry callista . he meets a priest caecilius who becomes his father figure
He s troubled -- torn about his faith because his family is pagan . Caecilus becomes his father figure .

Who draws towards christianity ? what choice did she make ?
callista sees herself drawn more and more towards chrisianity and she made choice to go to a catholic church .
Callista

Who was caecilius and what was he reffered later ?
caecilius is a mysterious christian priest and is later referred to as st. cyprian of carthage
He was a Christian priest who was identified as St Cyprian of Carthage

Who wanted to flee and from where ?
agellius wanted to flee from surroundings of sicca veneria
Agellius flees from Sicca Veneria

Who is callista ?
callista is a young and beautiful greek girl , she is a gifted young woman .
She is a girl who is young and beautiful .

What does callista do and with whom ?
callista works with her brother aristo , they work for uncle jucundus and crave pagan gods
Carves statues of pagan gods with her brother .

What period and when this was set ?
this was set in mid 3rd century in the city of siica vernia .
In the middle of the third century .

What does this deal in ?
it deals with prosecution of christianity under emperior decius
Persecution of Christians in the 3rd century

Who makes a dramatic choice ? and where it leads to him/her ?
callista has to make a dramatic choice which leads her to a catholic church .
Callista , and it leads her to the Catholic Church and to martyrdom .

Who all want allegius to move away from christianity ?
step mother ( gurta ) , brother ( juba ) and uncle jucundus
His brother , stepmother , and uncle .

