Who gets sick for putting milk , that the catering crew refused to replace-although it sat on the table for a week ?
Wolf the camera operator
The camera operator , Wolf

What happened during the scene about Ellen s abuse that Cora and Nicole were shooting ?
Cora kept forgetting her lines , and Nicole became more and more careless
The mic boom is visible , the camera assistant loses his focus on the shots , Cora forgets her lines , and Nicole being unfocused and careless .

What sound prevents Nick from getting his perfect take two shot ?
the beeping of his alarm clock
a beeping sound distracts the actors

Why is Chad getting dressed in Nicole s room ?
They had just had sex
They slept together

Why does Chad quit/get fired from the story ?
Because Nicole tells everyone that she and Chad had sex and that she was n't remotely interested in him
He quit because Nicole told everyone she was n't interested in him .

What happens just before Nicole suddenly wakes up in her bed ?
Nick apologizes , kisses Nicole , and tells her he loves her
they kiss

What does the dwarf say before walking off stage ?
He says that dwarfs do n't even dream of other dwarfs
a cliche

Who saves the shot after the dwarf walked off ?
his mother takes the apple and pulls off the perfect scene
Nick s mother

What happens during the 30 seconds of room silence when the mixer accidentally recorded it ?
everyone went quiet and daydreams of other things .
They daydream .

During Nick s dream sequence , Whom does Ellen say beat her as a child ?
Her father
nick

Why was the unexpectedly good performance by Cora and Nicole not caught on camera ?
Wolf ( cameraman/cinematographer ) was in the bathroom throwing up .
Because it is a rehearsal without camera .

What was causing the beeping sound that work Nick from his dream ?
His alarm clock was going off .
It was Nick s own alarm clock .

How does Nicole respond to Chad s request to get together again after they spent the night together ?
Nicole declines the offer .
Turns him down

What happens when Chad strokes Nicole s head in an attempt to calm her down ?
Nicole loses her temper with Chad .
She briefly loses her cool

Why does Chad quit ?
Nicole announces to the crew that she is n't interested in him .
He loses his temper .

Why does Tito walk off set ?
He says the dream sequence is cliche .
Cora walked onto the set

Who is Nick s mother ?
Cora
Cora .

What kind of fruit does the dwarf hold during his performance on set ?
an apple
An apple

After Tito leaves the set , who steps in to act in his place ?
Cora , Nick s mother .
Nick s mother

In what city does the filming take place ?
New York City
new york city

What item has been on the craft service table for more than a week ?
Milk
A carton of milk

What time is Nick Reve due on the set ?
4:30 AM
4 ; 30am

Who does Cora s gesture remind Nicole of ?
Her mother
Her Terminally-ill mother .

Why did n't Wolf capture Nicole s passionate performance ?
He was vomiting in the toilet
He was vomiting the whole time

Who else is in Nicole s hotel room ?
Chad
Chad Palomino

What ruins the final take in Nick s dream ?
A beeping sound
Tito walks off the set

What does Nick call Chad , which prompts a fight ?
Hostess Twinkie motherfucker
Hostess Twinkie Motherfucker

What does Tito object to ?
The dream sequence
Complains that the dream sequence is a cliche .

What does Nick s mother grab before announcing she is ready ?
An apple
She grabs the pole and moves to Tito s mark .

