Which member of the Mellstock parish choir becomes involved with Fancy ?
Dick Dewy
Dick Dewy

Which holiday season is being celebrated at the start of the story ?
Christmas
Christmas Eve

What change does the new vicar want to make at church ?
replace the choir s traditional musical accompaniment with a more modern organ
He wants Fancy as organist to replace the traditional music provided by the choir .

Why did Ms. Day accept the vicar s proposal ?
she was tempted by the prospect of living an affluent life
Greed

What does Maybold think will happen if Fancy tells Dick that she agreed to marry another man ?
Fancy would be forgiven
That she will be forgiven

Why did n't Maybold know Fancy was already engaged before he proposed to her ?
Dick and Fancy were engaged in secret
They were secretly engaged

When did William s grandson become romantically interested in the school mistress ?
as soon as he saw her
Caroling on Christmas Eve

How many men were interested in Fancy ?
3
3

What choir is Dick Dewy part of ?
The Mellstock parish choir .
Mellstock parish

Which members of Dick s family are also on the choir ?
His dad and grandfather
His father and grandfather

What kind of farmer fell in love with Fancy ?
A rich one .
a rich one

What is Fancy good at ?
Playing the organ .
Playing the organ

How did Maybold convince Fancy to withdraw her engagement to Dick ?
By writing a letter to her .
He wrote her a letter and tried to get her to break her engagement to Dick , but instead she broke her engagement to Maybold .

What was Fancy being pretty honest about ?
Her infidelities .
accepting the vicar

Who did Fancy get married to ?
Dick Dewy
Dewy

What kind of life would have Fancy gotten by marrying Maybold ?
One of relative affluence .
a comfortable , affluent one

What occasion was portrayed by the end of the story ?
Fancy and Dick s wedding .
DIck and Fancys wedding

How long did it take for Dick to fall in love with Fancy ?
It was love at first sight .
at first sight

What does Mr. Maybold inform the choir ?
That Fancy will be replacing the traditional music during Sunday service .
He wants Fancy to play the organ for services

What happens when the band and choir visit Mr. Maybold to negotiate ?
They reluctantly accept the change of Fancy s newer style organ music .
They concede to the playing of the organ

What happens during the off chance meeting between Dick and Mr. Maybold ?
Mr. Maybold finds out of the secret engagement between Dick and Fancy .
Dick tells Mr. Maybold of his engagement to Fancy

What happens shortly after Fancy and Dick are secretly enganged ?
Mr. Maybold ends up proposing to Fancy , who accepts .
She agrees to marry Vicar Maybold

How does Fancy respond to the letter from Mr. Maybold ?
She responds by withdrawing her engagement from Mr. Maybold and asks that her initial acceptance be kept a secret .
rufuses to marry Maybold

What secret does Fancy keep from Dick ?
She keeps the secret of accepting Mr. Maybold s offer to marry .
That she agreed to marry Vicar Maybold

When does Dick initially fall for Fancy ?
When the band that Fancy is part of is playing at the schoolhouse .
While caroling on Christmas Eve

Who are the other suitors that have become interested in Fancy ?
A vicar at the parish church and a rich farmer .
Mr. Maybold and a rich farmer

What are the fiddlers and singers doing on Christmas Eve ?
The band is in Melstock village making the rounds .
making rounds

