What is a possiblity as to why Annie died ?
She could have died because she might have been genetically weak .
she was genetically weak

Where did Darwin go to gather research on his theory of evolution ?
The Galapagos Islands .
galapagos islands

Who sends Darwin a letter detailing he had the same findings as Darwin ?
Alfred Russel Wallace .
Alfred Russel Wallace

What is the name of the young orangutan that was brought to the London Zoo ?
Jenny .
Jenny .

Why does the clergyman make Annie kneel on salt rock ?
For contradicting him on dinosaurs and their existence and extinction .
as a punishment for going against him

How are Darwin and Emma related , beyond marriage ?
They are closely related cousins .
cousins

After reading Darwin s synopsis , what do Darwin s friends tell him he has done ?
Killed God .
killed God

What is a reason Darwin delays writing his manuscript ?
The delay is caused by anxiety over his relationship with his religiously devoted wife , Emma .
Anxiety over his relationship with his devoutly religious wife .

Who does Darwin leave the decision to publish his work up to ?
His wife , Emma .
Emma

Why is Emma worried about Darwin s work opposing her religion ?
She is worried Darwin would not go to heaven , thus separating them for eternity .
She sees it as a threat to her religion .

What does Darwin teach his eldest daughter Annie about ?
Darwin teaches Annie about nature , science , travel and evolution .
the theory of evolution

What is Annie s favorite story her father told her about ?
The story about the orangutan Jenny .
The story of the young orangutan .

What does Darwin s wife Emma worry about ?
Emma worries that she will go to Heaven and Darwin wo n't and they wo n't share eternal life together .
about darwin s theory is a threat to her religion

When does Annie become ill ?
Annie becomes ill in 1851 .
1851

Why does Darwin take Annie to Worcestershire town of Malvern ?
Darwin takes Annie there to get James Manby Gully s water cure therapy because he believes it will help her .
For Gully s water cure therapy .

What is the one thing Annie requests from her father right before she dies ?
Annie requests he tell her the story she loves so much about the orangutan Jenny .
that he tell her the story of Jenny the orangutan one last time

What does Huxley tell Darwin about his theory ?
Huxley tells Darwin that his theory has killed God .
Huxley tells Darwin that his theory has killed God .

What does Darwin s friends tell him to keep doing ?
Darwin s friends tell him to keep on with his book .
Continue to publish his work .

Who is the figure that walks beside Darwin on his way home ?
The figure beside Darwin is his daughter Annie .
Annie .

What does Darwin and Emma fear the most about Annie s death ?
Darwin and Emma are scared that Annie died because they were cousins .
That Emma died because she was genetically weak .

Who is Jenny ?
An Orangatan .
a young orangutan brought from Borneo to the London Zoo where she died of pneumonia

What was Annie s punishment when she contradicted the family clergyman ?
To kneel on rock salt .
Kneel on rock salt .

What was Emma s worry about her husband s work ?
That she may go to heaven and he would not .
She will go to heaven and Darwin might not .

What was the name of Darwin s work ?
On the Origin of Species .
On the Orgin of Species

What did Thomas Henry Huxley tell Darwin about his theory ?
That he had killed God .
Huxley encourages Darwin and tells him his theory has killed God .

After Wallace more succinctly detailing Darwin s findings , why did Darwin s friends urge him to continue ?
Because his work was more comprehensive .
Darwin s book was much more comprehensive .

What was the Church s position on life ?
That it was unchanging .
Young-earth creationism and that life is unchanging .

On what was Darwin s theory ?
Evolution .
evolution

Who was Darwin s accomplice ?
Emma .
Emma

What was Darwin s fear about Annie s death ?
That Annie was genetically weak because Darwin and his wife were closely related .
that annie was genetically weak due to darwin and emma s taboo

