Who is the man captures street children ?
MaMan
Maman

What is the name of the game show Jamal is on ?
Who Wants to Be A Millionaire ?
Who Wants to be a Millionaire ?

What is the name of the famous woman Jamal met as a child ?
Amitabh Bachchan
Amitabh Bachchnan

Why were the police called on Jamal during the game show ?
They think he is cheating
They believe he is cheating since a Slum dog could not know all of those answers .

As children , Jamal and Salim pretended to be tour guides at what famous site ?
The Taj Mahal .
Taj Mahel

Who does Jamal call when he used the Phone-A-Friend lifeline ?
Latika .
Latika

What does Salim say after killing Javed ?
God is Great .
God is Great

Where do Jamal and Latika meet after he wins the game show ?
The railway station .
The railway station platform .

What is Jamal s final question on the game show ?
What is name of the third musketeer in The Three Musketeers ?
What is the name of the 3rd musketeer .

What show is Jamal Malik a contestant on ?
An Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?
Who wants to be a Millionaire

What happens before he answers the final question ?
He is detained and interrogated by police who believe he is cheating .
He is detained by the police .

Whose autograph did Jamal acquire at 5 ?
That of Bollywood actor Amitabh , Bachnan .
He gets the autograph of Amitabh Bachchan so his brother could sell it .

Who is Latika ?
A girl from the same slum as Jamal and Salim , who the brothers take in during the Bombay riots .
girl from the slum

Why do Jamal , Salim and Latika run from Maman ?
Becase Salim discovers Maman is blinding children to make them better beggars .
Because they learn he is blinding the children to make them better beggars .

Why do the brothers return to Mumbai ?
To find and rescue Latika , who is still being held by Maman .
To find Latika .

What happens after the brothers rescue Latika ?
Salim pulls a gun on Jamal and tells him to leave he and Latika alone .
They kill Maman

What does Jamal promise Latika when he finds her in Javed s estate ?
That he will wait for her everyday at the VT station at 5 p.m .
To wait for her every day at 5 o clock at the VT station

Why do the police let Jamal go ?
Because the way he discovered the questions is possible and there is no evidence of him cheating .
They believe his story about not cheating .

What is the final question that Jamal answers correctly ?
The name of the third musketeer , Aramis , which Jamal never learned .
What is the third musketeer s name in The Three Musketeers ?

Where is Jamal Malik from ?
The Juhu slum .
The Juhu slum .

Why does Latika fail to board the train ?
Because Salim deliberately lets go of her .
Salim lets go of her hand .

What does Maman intend to do with Latika ?
Sell her virginity and use her as a prostitute .
Turn her into a prostitute

What is the final question of the game show asking for ?
The name of the Third Musketeer .
The name of the third Musketeer

Whose autograph does Jamal get ?
Amitabh Bachchan .
Amitabh Bachchan .

Why is Jamal accused of cheating on the game show ?
Because he does n't have an education , so the police do not think it is possible for him to know so much .
Because it seemed unlikely that an uneducated man from the slums would know all the answers .

Where does Jamal work when he grows up ?
A call center .
an Indian call center

Who does Jamal use his Phona-A-Friend to call ?
Latika .
Latika

What does Salim fill his bathtub with ?
Money .
money

When does Salim s mother die ?
During the Bombay riots .
Bombay riots

