Why was King Louis XV angry with Beaucaire ?
Because Beaucaire would not submit to an arranged marriage .
Beaucaire failed to submit to an arranged marriage

How were King Louis XV and Beaucaire related to one another ?
They were cousins .
Cousins .

What did Beaucaire threaten to do when he caught the Duke of Winterset cheating at gambling ?
He threatened to expose the Duke s cheating .
expose him

Where did Beaucaire demand that Winterset take him in order to keep the secret about Winterset s cheating ?
He wanted to go to a ball .
A ball .

Who does Beaucaire intend to marry ?
The woman that King Louis XV had chosen for him in the first place .
The woman the king chose .

What was the true identity of Beaucaire ?
He was a French prince .
A French prince

How did Molyneuz describe Beaucaire s swordsmanship ?
He compared it to that of a gentleman .
that of a gentleman

Who did Beaucaire want Winterset to introduce him to at a ball ?
Lady Mary Carlisle .
Lady Mary Carlisle , the Beauty of Bath

How does Lady Mary Carlisle react when she hears that Beaucaire is actually a barber ?
She is appalled by the news .
she is aghast

What does Lady Carlisle do when she learns that Beaucaire is actually a French prince ?
She asks him for forgiveness .
She asks for his forgiveness

What is Baucaire s reported profession when not gambling ?
A barber
A barber .

Who does Baucaire want to impersonate when meeting Lady Mary Carlisle ?
Duc de Chateaurein
the Duc de Chateaurien

What is revealed to Lady Carlisle by Winterset about Baucaire ?
That Baucaire is actually a barber
That he is an impostor .

What does Molyneux claim Baucaire performs like a gentleman ?
Sword fighting
Swordsmanship

How does Lady Carlisle react to finding out Baucaire is reportedly just a barber ?
Lady Carlisle rejects Baucaire
Refuses to look at him and leaves

Whose arrival is Bath society preparing for much to the excitement of Lady Carlisle and Winterset ?
The French Ambassador and a French Prince
The French Ambassador and Comte de Beaujolais

What is the name of the French prince arriving in Bath ?
The Comte de Beaujolais
Comte de Beaujolais

Who is Baucaire gambling with when Lady Carlisle is thrust into the room by the crowd ?
Molyneux
Molyneux

What is King Louis XV s relationship to Baucaire ?
King Louis is Baucaire s cousin ?
He is his cousin

Who is Baucaire actually ?
A French Prince
A French Prince

In what capacity does Beau Nash serve ?
He is the Master of Ceremonies of Bath .
Master of Ceremonies of Bath

Why does Nash order M. Beaucaire out of the public rooms ?
Because of M. Beaucaire s low status .
because of his lowly status

What is Lady Mary Carlisle know as ?
The Beauty of Bath .
The Beauty of Bath .

What does M. Beaucaire catch the Duke of Winterset doing ?
Cheating at gambling .
He catches him cheating .

What does M. Beaucaire do in the days immediatly after attending the ball ?
He is involved in two duels .
Wins two duels with men that insluted him .

While accompaning Lady Carlisle from a party , what do the highwaymen who attack M. Beaucaire shout at him ?
Barber !
Barber !

Who rescues M. Beaucaire from the attacking highwaymen ?
M. Beaucaire s servants who where traveling behind him .
his servants

Who is the Comte de Beaujolais ?
A French prince visiting Bath .
A French prince .

How are M. Beaucaire and King Louis XV of France related ?
They are cousins .
Cousins .

Why is King Louis IV angry with M. Beaucaire ?
Because M. Beaucaire would not agree to an arranged marriage .
King Louis XV is angry with Beaucaire because he refuses to submit to an arranged marriage

