At the start of the story , when will Richard and Meg marry ?
The next day .
The next day

What is Trotty s job ?
A messenger also known as a ticket-porter .
He s a ticket porter

Why is Sir Joseph Bowley trying to clear his debts ?
He wants to start the new year with no debts .
To have a clean start in the new year .

What is Lilian s relationship to Will Fern ?
She is his niece .
She is is niece

What caused Trotty to decide to go to the church in the night ?
He heard the bells chime .
the bells

What surprising information does Trotty learn from the bell chime goblins ?
He fell from the tower and is now dead .
Mankind has a higher calling .

How has Richard s death affected Meg and her child ?
She decides to kill herself and her child .
She is driven to suicide .

What are the Chimes trying to teach Trotty ?
Men are not naturally bad , but were actually created to strive for greater things .
Mankind is completely bad .

How does Trotty save Meg ?
The Chimes allow him to touch her so he can stop her from jumping into the river .
He prevents her from jumping into the river .

Was Richard and Meg s wedding at the end of the story part of Trotty s dream ?
It is implied that it could be a dream-within-a-dream rather than real .
The reader must decide if it was real or a dream within a dream

Where does Trotty see himself and his family in terms of social status ?
working class or lower middle class
Lower class and below .

Where are they actually in terms of social class ?
they are likely struggling lower middle class , though it is hard to tell without more demographics of the area , and more characters .
The bottom

How did Meg change her mind and have doubts about marrying Richard ?
Maybe she has fears she will end up poor like the people they took in for the night , and is uncertain about her future .
She encounters some men that make her feel like she does n't deserve to marry

Why does Trotty believe bad things about his social class ?
Through endless news stories about the poor and crime .
that s what he s been told

Despite Trotty s depression about the state of things , what does he do to show he has compassion ?
He takes in those who are perhaps wanted by tax collectors or police
He is able to save Meg from jumping .

Do you read the second ending as if it were just a dream ?
One could read into it that he did die and this is a kind of heaven ' .
no

Who are the characters that represent having power , money and control ?
The authority figures are represented by Bowley , Alderman and his friend .
Sir Joseph Bowley and Alderman Cute

What do the characters tend to fear ?
Poverty , debt , judgement from others , and authority figures like police and debt collectors .
That they do n't have the right to exist .

What does this tale say about the lives of those living on the fringe and what kind of stress they have ?
They do n't have any sense of security and envision worst case scenarios .
It can crush them , or they can fight to do better

Why is Trotty so sad on New Year s Eve ?
Because of the crime and immorality he reads about in the newspapers .
the sad state of humanity

How does Alderman Cute make Richard , Meg and Trotty feel ?
Like they do not have the right to even exist .
belittled

What does Sir Joseph Bowley MP do ?
He dispenses charity to the poor .
He is a paternal dictator .

What does Trotty warn Fern about ?
That Cute plans to have him arrested and imprisoned .
Cube wants to arrest and imprison him .

What makes Meg change her mind about marrying Richard ?
She is dissuaded by the encounter with Cute and the others .
She is made to feel like they are n't good enough .

What does Trotty come to find in the bellchamber ?
Spirits of the bell as well as the goblin attendant .
He finds the spirits of the bells and goblins

What do the spirits show Trotty ?
The lives of Richard , Meg , Will and Lilian after he passes away .
How bad life becomes without him

What ends up happening to Trotty after his encounter with the bell s spirits ?
He awakens on New Years in his bed .
He is told he died when he fell from the tower .

In Trotty s visions , what does he see Meg contemplating ?
He sees Meg contemplating suicide with her baby by drowning .
Murdering her baby and killing herself

What saves Meg from jumping off the bridge ?
Trotty breaks down , begs for the Chimes to save her and is able to touch Meg and prevent her from jumping .
the Chimes

