How do Thorvald and the Wyverns save Shann at the end of the story ?
They kill the Throgs with a fog realizes their worst fears .
They surround the enemy in a fog that kills them .

What does Throvald have that turns him into a zombie ?
A coin like disc .
A coin-like object .

Why is Shann Lantee lucky to be alive ?
All the occupants of his base were killed by Throgs after he snuck out .
Because he evaded the attack of Throgs at the base .

Why can Shann and the wolverines not escape the island they are stranded on ?
Shann sabotages his work while being controlled by a telepathic humanoid .
A creature is stopping them from escaping .

What do Shann and Throvald have to establish at the very end of the story ?
They are supposed to form an embassy that maintains contact with the Wyverns .
An embassy to maintain contact with the Wyverns .

What does Shann find after he sneaks out of his base at the beginning of the story ?
He finds two artificially evolved wolverines .
Two artifically evolved wolverines .

What is Shann s mission from the Wyverns ?
Shann must get a Throg out of the cave it is hiding in .
He is to find the cave the Throg is in and remove him from inside .

What is Togi s relationship to Taggi ?
Togi is Taggi s mate .
They are mates

What happens to Shann in the cavern with the Warlockians ?
Shann experiences memories that are physically real as long as he believes in them .
He confronts old memories .

Who does Shann save from a sea monster ?
A young Wyvern .
Wyvern

Where did Shann Lantee sneak out of ?
A small Terran base on the planet Warlock
A Terran base .

What was Shann trying to find by sneaking out ?
Taggi and Togi , two artificially evolved wolverines .
Two artificially evolved wolverines .

What are throgs ?
Hostile insectoid aliens .
Hostile insectoid aliens

Who became Shann s rescuer ?
Ragnar Thorvald
Ragnar Thorvald

In what manner did Shann and Ragnar live in the land ?
Like natives and not Terrans
Like natives .

What item turns Thorvald into a zombie ?
A coin-like disc
A coin-like disc

What did Shann and Ragnar build to get to an island ?
An outrigger canoe
An outrigger canoe

What was caught in Shann s trap ?
A dragon-like humanoid
A dragon-like humanoid .

What did Thorvald call the natives ?
Wyverns
Wyverns .

What mission did the Wyverns give Shann ?
To extract a Throg from a cave where it has taken refuge,
To extract a Throg from a cave .

Who does Shann move across the country with ?
The wolves
The wolverines .

What does Ragnar use to kill the wounded Throg ?
A rock
Ragnar uses a rock to kill the Throg .

By what route did Shann and Rangnar use to reach the distant land ?
By sea
Raft

Why did Shann and Ragnar build a canoe ?
to reach the island
To go to an island

What does Shann catchin his small trap ?
A small dragon like humanoid
A Warlockian .

Who gives Shann a mission ?
The wayverns
Wyverns

What is Shann s mission ?
Extract a Throg from a cav ?
To get a Throg out of a cave .

Who is Shann captured by on his mission ?
The Throgs
The team sent to pick up the Throg

Why were the Throgs going to torture Shann ?
Shann warned the ships of the Throgs
To get him to lure a ship so they can kill the passengers and crew .

Who saves Shann ?
Torvald and the Wyverns
Thorvald and the Wyverns .

