Who was Chitra father ?
King of Manipur .
Maripur s king

Who was Madana ?
Madana was the god of love .
God of Love

Who was Vansata ?
Vansata was the god of springti and eternal youth .
The god of springtime and eternal youth .

Who did Chitra fell in love with ?
Arjuna
Arjuna

How was Chitra raised ?
Chita was raised like a boy
Like a boy

Who was Chitra ?
Chita was a great warrior and a hero .
The daughter of the King of Manipur and a warrior .

What did Madana and Vasanta did for Chirtra ?
Madana and Vasanta gave Chitra a year of perfect beauty .
A year of perfect beauty

Why did Chitra wanted perfect beauty ?
Chitra wanted perfect beauty so Arjuna can fell in love with her .
To win over Arjuna .

Why did Chitra did not like her perfect beauty ?
Chitra belief her perfect beauty is the faise image of herself .
She felt it was separate from her true self .

What did Arjuna did when Chitra told him the truth about herself ?
Arjuna meets the new with joy .
Meets the news with joy .

Who is the god of love ?
Madana
Madana .

Why was Chitra raised as a boy ?
Her father had no male heir .
Her father had no male heir .

What does Chitra beg the two gods for ?
One day of perfect beauty in order to win over Arjuna and have one night with him .
A day of perfect beauty .

After Arjuna announces he will break his vow of chastity for Chitra , how does she feel ?
Unhappy because he is n't falling in love with her , just her beauty .
not happy

What does Vasanta tell Chitra to do after she tells the gods about how Arjuna fell for her beauty ?
Vasanta tells Chitra to spend a year with Arjuna .
To spend the year with him .

During the year together Arjuna grows restless and wants to do what ?
Hunt .
To hunt .

What do the villagers tell Arjuna that causes him to avoid going to bed with Chitra ?
That Maripur is under attack .
Maripur is being attacked

Why does Arjuna say he ca n't love Chitra to the fullest ?
Because Chitra has always kept her true self a secret .
love is not complete

Once Chitra admits who she is and explains how she begged for beauty and asks Arjuna to stay with her forever , what other life-changing news does she tell Arjuna ?
She is pregnant with his son .
She is pregnant with his son .

What is Arjuna s response to Chitra s confession and news ?
He is happy and says his life is now full .
Joy .

What is Madana the god of ?
love
love

Who is the god of springtime and eternal youth ?
Vasanta
Vasanta .

What does Chitra first ask the gods for ?
one day of perfect beauty
A day of perfect beauty

Why does Arjuna feel his love for Chitra is incomplete ?
because she s kept all her personal details secret
He never knew her true self .

What does Chitra say to Arjuna about the warrior princess ?
that he would n't even notice her if he saw her
He never would have noticed her if he saw her .

Why was Chitra raised like a boy ?
Her father had no sons
Her father had no male heir

How much time do the gods give Chitra to live as a perfect beauty ?
one year
One year .

What is the second thing Chitra asks the gods for ?
to make her last night with Arjuna the most beautiful
For her last night to be the most beautiful

What was Chitra doing when she first saw Arjuna ?
hunting in the forest
Hunting for game

Why did Arjuna turn Chitra away the first time he met her ?
because of his vow of celibacy
He said he was celibate

