What is the one way to stop the nanobots ?
By activating the kill switch
By activating the kill switch .

Who ambushes Ripcord and Duke s convoy ?
The Baroness
Baroness

Why does Duke recognize the Baroness when she ambushes his convoy ?
She used to be his fiancee
she was his ex finance

What do McCullen and the Doctor hope to accomplish with their warheads ?
They hope to cause world wide panic and a new order
cause worldwide panic and establish a new world order

Once McCullen locates the warheads , who does he send to go get them ?
The Baroness and Storm Shadow
Shadow Storm and Baroness

Once Baron DeCobray weaponizes the missile , where does he launch it ?
At the Eiffel tower
the Eiffel tower

Where is McCullen s secret base ?
Under the arctic
under the artic

Why does McCullen aim his warheads at Beijing , DC , and Moscow ?
To panic everyone , where they will turn to the President of the United States
he wants to make everyone on earth afraid so they ll follow the US president

Who assumes the identity of the Commander ?
the Doctor
The Doctor

How does Zartan break into the White House ?
By assuming the identity of the President of the United States
He has his physical appearance altered by nanomites

What kind of weapon did James McCullen created ?
Nanotech base weapon .
Nanotechnology

How can Nanobots be stop ?
By activating a kill switch .
By activating the kill switch

Who sold four warheads to NATO and NATO troops ?
The company M.A.R.S .
M.A.R.S

Why rescued Duke and Ridcord ?
Scarlett .
Scarlett , Snake Eyes , Breaker , Heavy Duty

Where were the warheads taken ?
G.I . Joe command center .
Paris

What is McCullen using to build an army of soliders ?
Nanotechnology .
nanotechnology

Who retrieve the warheads after the fight ?
Storm Shadow and the Baroness .
Storm Shadow and Baroness

What Tower was hit by the missiles ?
Eiffel Tower .
the Eiffel tower

How many missles the Joes load with warheads ?
Three .
3

Where were the three missiles with natowarheads aimed ?
Beijing , Moscow , and Washington DC .
Beijing , DC and Moscow

Weapons master James McCullen developed a weapon that could get through what kinds of material ?
The weapon could get through metal , other materials , and also destroy tanks and cities .
metal

What happens when Duke and Ripcord try to deliver the warheads they acquired from James McCullen ?
Their convoy is ambushed by the Baroness .
their convoy is ambushed

Once rescued from the Baroness , where do Duke and Ripcord take the weapons ?
They take the weapons to the PIT command center which is in Egypt .
To The Pit

What is McCullen s end goal as he builds and army using nanotechnology ?
McCullen wants to create panic and create a new world order .
To rule the world

When the Baroness manages to retrieve a warhead , what does she do with it ?
She brings it back to her husband and they use it to destroy the Eiffel Tower and some surrounding land before Duke hits a kill switch .
She takes them to her husband

When Duke hits the kill switch stopping the Barness from destroying more the country he faces what set back to his goals ?
Duke is captured and taken to McCullen s base under the Artic .
He is captured and taken to McCullen s base .

What is McCullen s intention as he loads missiles destined for Beijing , Moscow , and Washington DC ?
He wants to strike fear into everyone s hearts and make them turn to the President of the US for security and safety .
To strike fear in the heart of every man , woman , and child on the planet

What did the doctor do to the Baroness to cause her to feel subdued ?
The doctor implanted her with nanomites which put her under his control for a few years .
Impaled her with nanomites .

How was McCullen s burned face healed ?
The doctor healed his face with nanomites and encased it in silver .
with nanomites

Putting the Baroness in protective custody allowed the team to do what to her ?
It allowed them to remove the nanomites from her body .
remove the nanomites from her body

