What did the alien invaders originally die from ?
a bacterial illness
Bacterial illness

What American inventor led a group of scientists who studied the Martian equipment ?
Thomas Edison
Edison

When the humans battle some Martians on the moon , what weapon the Edison created help the humans defeat the Martians ?
A disintegration ray gun
A ray gun .

Who is Aina ?
A human slave that the earth men found on Mars .
A slave .

What did the Martians build in Egypt when they were on Earth thousands of years ago ?
The Great Pyramids and the Great Sphinx .
the pyramids and the sphynx

With Aina s advice , How did Edison defeat the Martian civilization ?
He broke the dams and flooded their cities , killing most of the Martians .
flooding them with water from polar ice caps

What U.S. President helped to unite the world leaders to battle the Martians ?
President William McKinley
William McKinley

What new technology created by Edison did the allies use to construct the space ships ?
The anti-gravity devices powered by elctric repulsion .
An anti-gravity device and a disintregation ray

When the humans originally try to invade Mars , what to the Martians do to their planet ?
They enveloped it in a smoke screen causing the humans to retreat .
put a smoke screen around it

What was the asteroid that the Martian were mining on the moon made from ?
solid gold
Gold .

What do the humans learn from their captive ?
The Martian language
To attack the dams to flood the Martian cities

Aina and Edison attack the dams , causing which kind of disaster that in turn kills most of the Martians ?
A flood
Flood .

After determining that Martians will return , the Earth s leaders plan an attack on which planet ?
Mars
Mars

Where does Edison take his ships for a test run ?
The moon
To the moon .

The Great Sphynx of Egypt is a depiction of whom ?
The Martian leader
the Martians ' leader

The asteroid , being mined by the Martians , was found to be made of what ?
Solid gold
Gold

Who is the human slave found by the earth men ?
Aina
Aina .

What type of ray was used in Edison s ray gun ?
A disintegration ray
Disintegration .

The explorers found an extinct civilization of what type of creature ?
Giants
Giants

Most of Martians cities can be found where on Mars ?
Under sea level
Under sea level

How were the Martians stopped on earth ?
By bacterial illness .
by bacterial illness

Who leads the group of scientists who develop weapons to defeats the Martians ?
Thomas Edison
Edison

What weapons do Thomas Edison s team make to fight the Martians ?
A disintegration ray and an anti-gravity device
ray guns

What are the Martians mining ?
A solid gold asteroid
A solid gold asteroid .

What is the name of the human slave found on Mars ?
Aina
Aina

When did the Martians last raid the Earth ?
9,000 years ago
9,000 years ago

What did the Martians build when they raided the Earth before ?
The Great Pyramids and the Great Sphinx .
the pyramids and the sphynx

What do the scientists find evidence of on the Moon ?
An extinct race of giants .
evidence of a race of giants

How many space battles do the humans fight against the Martians ?
Two
four

How do the humans stop the Martians ?
By destroying dams that flood Mars .
by flooding them with melted polar ice

