What is Tom Sykes history ?
He was a psychiatric patient .
He is a former psychiatric patient .

To whom does Tom start paying close attention at first ?
Julie , Phil s wife .
Julie

How does Tom interact with Neal ?
Tom befriends Neal and teaches him fighting techniques .
Teaches him fighting skills

How many lives has Tom taken over the course of the story ?
Three . The dog , and two people who had discovered his bizarre goings-on .
3

How does Tom cause conflict between Julie and Phil ?
Tom planted bogus evidence of secret love affairs .
He plants bogus evidence of secret love affairs .

Who ultimately kills Tom ?
The police
The police

Who shot Tom first ?
Julie
Julie

Who is Gene ?
The creepy neighbor who distrusts Tom ( and is a Philly s fan )
a neighbor

Why did Tom cause conflict between Julie and Phil ?
To attempt to break them up so he could integrate himself into Julies life .
Because he wants Julie for himself .

How did Tom spy on the family ?
He used electronic devices and lived in their attic .
With electronic devices

Who is Tom Sykes ?
He is a recently released psychiatric patient .
A psycho in the attic .

Where does Tom live ?
He lives in the Dreyer family attic .
in the attic of the Dreyer family s new house .

What does Tom use electronic devices for ?
He uses them to spy on the Dreyer family .
To spy on the Dreyers .

Who killed the Dreyer family s dog ?
Tom killed the dog .
Tom

Which family member does Tom focus his attention on first ?
He focuses on the mom , Julie .
Julie .

What does Tom do to the two people who discovered what he was doing ?
He killed the two people .
He kills them .

Which character is distrusting of Tom ?
The neighbor Gene distrusts Tom .
Gene

How does Phil get injured ?
Phil gets hurt defending Julie from Tom trying to kill her .
Defending Julie .

How does Julie try to kill Tom ?
Julie shoots Tom in the chest with a gun .
She shoots him in the chest .

Who killed Tom ?
The police .
The police .

Besides being a fan of the Phillies , what is Gene also described as in the story ?
A creepy neighbor
creepy

For what reason did Sykes kill two people ?
They accidentally discovered his true actions .
Because they accidentally discovered what he was doing

How did Sykes try to sabotage the relationship between Julie and Phil ?
He planted bogus evidence of secret love affairs .
Planting bogus evidence of infidelity

What did Sykes pretend to be in order to get closer to Julie ?
A visitor from Wilmington Street
a visitor from a couple blocks away

What happened to cause Phil to leave the house and move into a hotel ?
He had two explosive fights with Julie .
Tom framed an affair which was false

How did Phil get severely injured ?
Defending Julie against Sykes
Defending Julie

What was Sykes ' reason for killing Rudolph , the Dreyer s family dog ?
The dog was defending the family
to defend his family from the titular hider .

What happened to make Sykes want to kill Julie ?
She rejected his advances
She rejects him .

After Julie shoots him in the chest , what does Sykes do ?
He tries to kill Julie and himself .
gets up and tries to kill himself and Julie

What happened to Sykes at the end of the story ?
Police shot him dead in the doorway
Shot by police

