How did Beata die ?
Beata committed suicide
Beata drowned by jumping into the mill-race

What is Beata s relationship to Rosmer ?
Beata is Rosmer s wife
She was a friend of Rosmer s wife

Who does Rosmer propose to ?
Rebecca
Rebecca

What is Kroll s relationship to Rosmer ?
Brother-in-law
friend and brother-in-law

What is Kroll s job ?
School master
schoolmaster

Why does Rebecca refuse to marry Rosmer ?
She feels guilty over Beata s suicide
She feels guilty of her past

How did Beata commit suicide ?
Jumping into a mill-race
jumping into the mill-race

What emotion other than love consumes Rosmer and Rebecca ?
Guilt
Guilt

What do Rosmer and Rebecca do together at the end of the story ?
commit suicide together
Commit Suicide by jumping into the mill-race

Who does the housekeeper blame for Rosmer and Rebecca s death ?
The deadwoman
The dead woman .

Rebecca moved into Rosmerholm as a friend of who ?
Rebecca was a friend of Beata .
Beata .

What sort of relationship do Rosmer and Rebecca have ?
They begin as friends but they are in love after Beata dies .
destructive

Who is Kroll to Rosmer ?
Kroll is Rosmer s brother in law , friend and local school master .
His friend and brother-in-law

What does Kroll plan to do since he is unsupportive of Rosmer s support of the newly elected government ?
Kroll plans to sabotage Rosmer s plans .
Sabatoges him

What does Kroll put in the local newspaper ?
Kroll denounces Rebecca and Rosmer s relationship .
a denounciation of Rosmer

How does Rebecca respond to Rosmer s proposal ?
Rebecca outright refuses the proposal .
She rejected his proposal

Who drove Ms. Rosmer to despair and enabled her suicide ?
Rebecca drove her to it and encouraged it .
Rebecca

How does Rosmer want Rebecca to prove her love ?
Rosmer wants her to commit suicide like Ms. Rosmer did .
by committing suicide

How is Rosmer going to participate in Rebecca s suicide ?
Rosmer is going to commit suicide along with her .
By jumping into the mill-race with her .

What does the housekeeper think when she witnesses them committing suicide ?
The housekeeper thinks that Ms. Rosmer has taken them .
That the dead wife has taken them .

When does this story take place in relation to time ?
A year after the suicide of Rosmer s wife .
one year after the wife s suicide

What is Rebecca s relationship to Beata ?
She was a friend of Beata s and lived in the Rosmerholm .
Friend .

What is Rebecca s relationship to Rosmer ?
The two are in love , though Rosmer insists it is a platonic relationship .
She was a friend of Rosmer s wife

What happens when Rosmer suports the newly elected government ?
His friend , Kroll , becomes enraged at hime for going against his ruling class roots .
he is sabotaged by his friend Kroll

What does Kroll do to Rosmer ?
He smear him and his relationship with Rebecca in the local newspaper .
Kroll attempts to come between Rosmer and Rebecca by gossiping about them in public media and ruin Rosmer s plans .

How does Rosmer take Kroll s attacks on him ?
He takes them personally , even beginning to believe he was the cause of Beata s suicide .
he begins to feel guilty

What does Kroll learn about Rebecca when he confronts her ?
That she drove Beata to depression and to commit suicide , not Rosmer .
she loved Rosmer

What happens when Rosmer encourages Rebecca to commit suicide the same way Beata did ?
She begins to agree , and Rosmer intends to join her .
she agrees

How does the story end ?
With both Rebecca and Rosmer jumping to their death .
Rebecca And Rosmer commit suicide

