What do they regard as the Great Personage ?
The Danube River
The river

During the night what do the willow appear to have done ?
Changed locations .
Changed location .

What two sounds do the men hear during the first night ?
Tapping outside the tent , and shifting gong like sounds .
tapping and gong-like sounds

What is missing in the morning after the first night ?
One of the paddles , and some food .
one of the canoe paddles

During the second night the Swede attempts to do what ?
Hurl himself into the river as a sacrifice .
hurl himself into the river as a sacrifice

What do they find the day after the second night ?
A peasant s body lodged in roots near the shore .
The Swede attempts to hurl himself into the river as a sacrifice

When the body is swept away what do the men think it resembles ?
An otter .
An otter .

What held their craft on it s shoulders ?
The river .
violent desires

Where had they seen the funnel shaped pock marks from the peasant s body before ?
The sands of the island .
In the sand .

The story suggests that the landscape is what ?
A point of contact for a different dimension .
alive

Where are the two men canoeing ?
On the Danube River .
Danube River .

What does the man on the flat bottomed boat do ?
He tries to warn them of something and disappears down river .
Warning the two men before hurtling out of sight .

What happens while the two men are sleeping in the tent ?
Dark shapes move around and make noise outside of their tent .
The wind whips through the willows outside .

What do the willows do while the two men are sleeping ?
They seem to change positions .
relocate

When the two men awake what do they find is missing ?
One of their canoe paddles and some food .
a paddle and some of their food

What do the two men need to repair before continuing on their trip ?
Their canoe .
Their canoe

What does the Swede attempt to do to himself on the second night ?
Sacrifice himself to the river .
Throw himself in the river

Why does the Swede believe that the river has found another sacrifice ?
They find a body of a peasant near the shore .
the corpse of a peasant is found

What do they find on the peasants body ?
Marks that are funnel shaped .
funnel shapes

What is the name of the river introduced in the beginning of the story ?
Danube
Danube River

How does the main character initially see the river ?
As sleepy
Great Personage

How does the main character describe the river once it has revealed itself ?
As having violent desires
potency , human qualities

What do the men hear outside of their tent ?
Tapping and Gong-like sounds
tapping and gong sounds

What do the two men notice missing in the morning ?
Two paddles
One of their oars and some food .

On which day this the howling winds die down ?
The second day and night
Second

What did the two men find lodged in roots along the shore ?
A peasant s dead body
corpse of a peasant

What is the corpse body pockmarked with ?
Funnel shapes
funnel shapes

What color are the willows described as being ?
Silver
silvery

