What Dr Sebastian invented ?
A serum to make things invisible ?
An invisibility serum .

How Dr Sebastian Knew Linda and Matt ?
They were ex girlfriend of Dr Sebastian .
They are part of his team of scientists .

How Dr Sebastian used the serum first time ?
He applied on a Gorilla and restored it back ?
On a female gorilla .

Why the serum used for human testing ?
Dr Sebastian managed his mentor Dr Howard for testing .
Sebastian told the oversight committee that it was safe and ready for human testing .

After how many it was unable to revert to visibility ?
Three days
Three .

Where Linda and Matt went to confess the experiment ?
Dr Kramers house
Dr. Kramer s house .

Why Sebastian smashed the keyboard ?
So that nobody could stop the machine
So nobody could stop the facility from blowing up .

Why does Sebastian lie to the oversight committee ?
To convince his team to go to human testing .
So that he can use the serum on himself .

What does Sebastian first do when he becomes invisible ?
He scares and pranks his co-workers in the lab .
He plays pranks involving his coworkers

Why is Sebastian isolated ?
He is unable to return to visibility .
He is invisible

How does Sebastian trick his team into thinking he was still in isolation ?
He runs a video loop of his heat signature .
He creates a video loop of his heat signatures

Why does Sebastian remove his clothing and mask before killing his team ?
So that he will be completely invisible .
So that he will not be visible

How does Sebastian plan on destroying the lab ?
He puts nitroglycerin in a centrifuge .
With nitroglycyerin in a centrifuge

When does Linda build the electromagnet and flamethrower ?
While she is locked in the freezer .
After she is locked in the freezer .

How does Sebastian become partially visible ?
He is electrocuted when he is thrown into the circuit box .
He s electrocuted .

How is Sebastian finally defeated ?
He falls down the elevator shaft during the explosion .
Elevator car falls down the shaft with him inside .

Why does Sebastian wear a latex mask in the lab ?
So that people can see where he is .
So his coworkers can see him

How does Sebastian manage to sneak out of the lab without anyone knowing he has gone ?
He makes a device to run a video loop of his heats signature .
He plays a looped tape of his heat signature

How does Sebastian kill Kramer ?
He drowns him in a swimming pool .
He drowned him in the swimming pool

What sort of goggles do Carter and Matt wear when hunting for Sebastian ?
Thermal imaging goggles .
Thermal imaging goggles .

What is Sarah trying to find in a freezer ?
Blood for a transfusion .
Blood

Who does Sebastian lock in a freezer ?
Matt and Linda
Linda and Matt

What happens to Sebastian s sight when Matt throws him into a circuit box ?
His sight is impaired .
He becomes partially visible .

What weapon does Linda build when she gets out of the freezer ?
A flamethrower .
A flamethrower .

Name one item Linda uses to construct an electromagnet to get out of the freezer ?
A defribillator
defribrillator

Where does Sebastian finally fall to his death ?
Down an elevator shaft .
In an elevator shaft .

