How did Jordan Belfort breach his cooperation deal with the FBI ?
Jordan slipped a warning note to Donnie .
He wore a wire to work .

What did Jordan Belfort immediately do after finding out that Aunt Emma died ?
He attempted to sail to to Switzerland .
travel to Switzerland

What is the name of the FBI agent who is investigating Jordan Belfort ?
Patrick Denham
Patrick Denham

What caused Jordan Belfort s job to be terminated at L.F. Rothschild ?
Black Friday
Black Monday

Why did Teresa Belfort divorce her husband ?
He was having an affair .
she found out Jordan had an affair with Naomi .

What caused the plane crash that was flying Jordan Belfort to Geneva ?
A bird flew into the engine .
a seagull flies into the engine

How did Jordan Belfort make a living after his release from prison ?
He hosted seminars on sales techniques .
hosting seminars

Who was in the car with Jordan Belfort when he crashed ?
His daughter , Skylar Belfort .
Skylar

What did Jordan Belfort illegally do upon securing the IPO of Steven Madden ?
He made $ 22 million .
He made $ 22 million in 3 hours .

Where did Jordan Belfort hid his illegal money ?
In a Swiss bank account .
Swiss bank

How did Jordan breach his cooperation deal with the FBI ?
He gave Donnie a note to warn him about the wire .
He wore a wire to work .

How did aunt Emma die ?
She had a heart attack .
Heart attack

Why did Jordan force his yacht captain to sail to Monaco ?
To avoid border patrols .
to avoid border control

What did Jordan use to illegally make $ 22 million dollars ?
The IPO of Steve Madden .
Steve Madden s IPO

How does Jordan make a living after being released from prison ?
He hosts seminars on sales technique .
hosting sales technique seminars

Where were Jordan , Donnie and their wives going when they learned about aunt Emma s death ?
They were taking a yacht trip to Italy .
Italy

How was aunt Emma able to stay out of the reach of the American authorities ?
She was a British national .
She is a British national .

What happens to the yacht when Jordan forced the captain to sail to Monaco ?
It is capsized in a storm .
capsizes

What had happened that led to Jordan and Teresa getting a divorce ?
Jordan had an affair with Naomi .
Jordan had an affair

How did Jordan know that his phones were being wiretapped ?
His private investigator him .
from his PI

What job did Jordan Belfort secure on Wall Street ?
Stockbroker
Stockbroker .

What does Mark Hanna teach Belfort about his job as a stockbroker ?
that his only job is to make money for himself
that hisonly job is to make money for himself

Who is Donnie Azoff ?
The neighbor Jordan befriends and co-founds their company with
Jordan s neighbor

What is the name of Jordan gives his new firm ?
Stratton Oakmont
Stratton Oakmont .

Who leads the FBI to Jordan s arrest ?
Saurel
Saurel

Why does Jordan wear a wire to work ?
he is trying to get information on his colleagues in order for leniency in court
deal with the FBI

Who does Jordan inform about his wearing a wire in the office ?
Donnie
Donnie .

What happens to the FBI s deal with Jordan ?
It is thrown out because they discovered he is in breaching the deal with the note he passed to Donnie
Jordan breaches deal by telling Donnie about the wire

What does Jordan s sentence entail ?
Three years in a minimum security prison
3 years in a minimum security prison .

What does Jordan do for a living after his sentence is up ?
he is hosting seminars on sales technique
hosting seminars on sales techniques

