Who is Androcles ?
a Christian clothes maker who is on the run from the Romans who want to kill him
A fugitive Christian

What does Androcles find in the forest when he and his wife are in hiding ?
a wild lion who has a huge thorn in his paw , that Androcles takes out
a lion with a wounded paw

What happens when Androcles is captured ?
he is sent to the Colosseum to be killed along with the other Christians in the gladiator games
He is forced into gladiatoral combat

Who is Ferrovius ?
a new Christian who is having issues with the Christian practices he is trying to learn and his violent tendencies .
A new Christian convert .

What happens when the Christians are released into the arena ?
Ferrovius killed all the gladiators before they could touch a single Christian
Ferrovius kills all the gladiators .

Why does Androcles offer himself up to be sacrificed ?
The crowd still wants blood since the Christians were spared
The crowd demanded blood

Who is the lion that is supposed to kill Androcles ?
the lion that had the thorn in his paw
The same lion who had a wounded paw that Androcles fixed .

What happens when the Emporer comes into the arena to find out what is going on ?
the lion attacked him
The lion attacks him

Why does the Emporer call an end to the torture and death of Christians ?
Androcles gets the lion to back off and spare the Emporer s life
Androcles decided to save him

What happens to Androcles and the lion after sparing the Emporer ?
They leave the arena together
Christians are no longer persecuted .

What is Androcles ' profession ?
A tailor
He was a tailor

What creature approaches Androcles ?
A wild lion
A lion

How does Androcles keep the lion soothed ?
By talking to him in baby language
using baby language

Where is the lion wounded ?
On his paw
His paw

What does Ferrovius struggle with ?
He struggles with his violent inclinations conflicting with his Christian principles
Persecution .

How are the Christians saved ?
Ferrovius kills all the gladiators
Androcles throws himself to the lions .

Why does Androcles offer himself up to be savaged by lions ?
The crowd is demanding blood .
To save the other Christians

Who is attacked in the arena by the lion ?
The emporer
The Roman Emperor .

Why does n't the lion attack Androcles ?
It s the same lion that Androcles removed a thorn from his paw
He helped the lion prior to being placed in the arena with it

Who accompanies Androcles at the end of the story ?
The lion
The lion

Who is Androcles on the run from ?
Roman persecutors .
The Romans

Who is Androcles set to be executed with ?
Other Christians .
A lion .

Who is the Roman captain , guarding the prisoners attracted to ?
Lavinia
Lavinia .

What is the job offered to Ferrovius ?
Praetorian Guard
a job in the Praetorian Guard

Who does the lion in the arena attack ?
The Emperor
The Roman Emperor .

What does Androcles declare ?
And end to the persecution of Christians .
end to the persecution of Christians

What is Androcles ' pet ?
Lion
the Lion that he helped remove the thorn from

Where is Androcles sent when he is captured ?
The Colosseum
the Colosseum

Who dances in the arena with Androcles ?
Lion
The lion

Who kills all the gladiators before they can harm the Christians ?
Ferrovius
Ferrovius .

