When is Emily persuaded to marry Arthur Fletcher ?
After a period of mourning .
After a period of mourning for her deceased husband .

Who takes his own life by a train ?
Ferdinand Lopez .
Ferdinand Lopez

Why was the Duke furious with Glencora Palliser ?
Glencora disobeyed the Duke s explicit order not to interfere in the election .
Because she interfered in the election .

Who is Glencora to Plantagenet Palliser ?
Plantagenet s wife .
his wife

Glencora attempts to support her husband by doing what ?
Hosting lavish parties .
hosting lavish parties

The Duke is spiritedly defended where ?
The House of Commons .
The House of Commons

Who is Phineas Finn to the Duke ?
An old colleague .
his defender

Who does Ferdinand Lopez try to persuade into running away to Guatemala ?
Lizzie Eustace .
Lizzie Eustace

What causes financial ruin ?
Ferdinand s high-risk gambles .
risky gambles

Where does the Duchess hold parties to support the Duke ?
Gatherum Castle in Barsetshire
Gahterum Castle

Who does Emily s father think she should marry ?
Arthur Fletcher
Arthur Fletcher

What does Ferdinand propose to Lizzie Eustace ?
That they go to Guatemala together .
He proposes she run away with him to Guatemala .

Why does Ferdinand decide to run for parliament ?
The Duchess motivates him to do it .
He does so because Glencora encourages him to and because Arthur Fletcher is his rival in love .

Who helps defend the Duke in front of the house of parliament ?
Phineas Finn
Phineas Finn

Why does Ferdinand give up his attempt to join parliament ?
He knows he can not beat Arthur Fletcher .
He does n't believe he will win

Why is the Duke angry after the Duchess encourages Ferdinand ?
She meddled with the election
She led Ferdinand to believe the Duke would endorse him .

What does the Duke find discouraging about his new position ?
The government is ineffective
He can not accomplish anything because his government is too weak

How does Ferdinand Lopez end his life ?
By jumping in front of a train at Tenway Junction
By putting himself in front of a train

What does Emily do after Ferdinand s death ?
Marries Arthur Fletcher
she marries Arthur Fletcher .

Why was a compromise government formed ?
The Whigs and the Tories could not form a government on their own .
Neither the Whigs nor the Tories were able to form a government

Where did Lopez want Lizzie Eustace to run away with him ?
Guatemala
To Guatemala

Who did Emily Wharton choose to marry ?
Ferdinand Lopez
Arthur Fletcher

What was Plantagenet Palliser s title in the new government ?
Prime Minister
Prime Minister

Who did Ferdinand Lopez campaign against ?
Arthur Fletcher ?
Arthur Fletcher .

What did Ferdinand Lopez demand from the Duke ?
Reimbursement for election expenses
reimbursement for election expenses .

How did Lady Glencora Palliser try to support her husband ?
By having lavish parties
By being hostess at lavish parties

What did Lady Glencora encourage Ferdinand Lopez to do ?
Stand for Parliament
She encouraged him to run or stand for parliament .

Why did Emily Wharton regret her marriage choice ?
Lopez treated her badly
Ferdinand , her husband , runs against her former suitor

Why was to Duke angry at Glencora ?
She interfered with the election
She supported a candidate without his approval .

