What profession is Oswald Millbank s father involved in ?
Cotton manufacturing
Cotton manufacturing .

What college did Henry Coningsby attend ?
Eton College
Eton College .

What political ideology does Henry eventually identify with ?
A very liberal view
Liberal

Who does Henry fall in love with ?
Edith
Edith

Why does Lord Monmouth take away Henry s inheritance ?
Because Henry fell in love with Oswald s sister , Edith
Henry has different political views and a crush on Monmouth s enemy s daughter .

Following the death of Henry s grandfather , what does Coningsby do for a living ?
He is a barrister
Becomes a barrister .

What changes Edith s fathers ' negative opinion about Henry ?
He is impressed with Henry s character , studying law and having a work ethic
He works his way up from nothing and proves his character .

What is the relationship between Lord Monmouth and Edith s father ?
They are enemies .
They are bitter enemies .

What is likely the cause of the bitterness between lord Monmouth and Edith s father ?
The conflict of old money versus new money .
They were business rivals .

Where does Henry Coningsby attend college ?
Eton College
Eton College

How does he get sent to the school originally ?
His grandfather , Lord Monmouth , sends him there after his parents death .
He is sent by his grandfather

Who is Henry s friend at the college ?
Oswald Millbank
Oswald Millbank .

What is particularly interesting about Oswald s dad and Henry s grandfather ?
They are bitter enemies .
They are bitter rivals .

Who does Henry eventually fall in love with ?
Edith Millbank , Oswald s sister .
Edith Millbank

What is his grandfather s reaction to who Henry is infatuated with ?
He is disinherited by his grandfather .
He is furious

What profession does Henry decide to pursue after his grandfather s death ?
He studies law and becomes a barrister .
Law .

What does Edith s father think of this career decision ?
He approves , and fives Henry Edith s hand in marriage .
he is impressed

What role does Henry get elected to in the end ?
Henry gets elected to serve on Parliament in the end and his fortune is restored .
Parliament

What real life character is Henry Consingby modeled after ?
That of George Smythe .
George Symthe

Where does Henry go to school ?
Eton College
Eton College

Who does Eton befriend at school ?
Oswald Millbank
Oswald Millbank

Who does Henry fall in love with ?
Edith Millbank
Edith

What does Henry s grandfather do when he finds out about Henry s love interest ?
secretly disinherits him
disinherits him

What does Henry study when his grandfather dies ?
law
Law .

Who is Henry based on ?
George Smythe
George Smythe .

Why does Edith s father finally consent to her marriage to Henry ?
he s impressed by henry s hard work and character .
Coningsby proves his character by studying law and working as a barrister .

What political body is Henry elected to ?
Parliament
Parliament

What do Henry s Grandfather and Edith s father represent ?
old and new money in society
Old and new wealth in society

What is Edith s father s business ?
cotton manufacturing
Cotton manufacturing .

