What does Sylvia Barrett teach at her inner-city high school ?
Sylvia teaches English
English

What does Sylvia hope to accomplish in her role ?
She hopes to nurture an interest in classic literature .
Nurture student interest in classic literature

What intrudes on her first year at the high school as she tries to instruct her students ?
Bureaucracy , the indifference of her students and the incompetence of her colleagues frustrate her .
Bureaucracy .

What makes Sylvia decide to continue teaching in the public school system ?
She realizes that she has touched the lives of some students .
She has touched the lives of students

Aside from the opening chapter , how is the story imparted by Sylvia ?
It is a collective of memos from the office , bits of notes dropped in trash cans , essays , lesson plans , and suggestions put in a suggestion box .
It is told in the form of dialogue in memos , notes and writings .

Who does Sylvia write letters to ?
A friend from college .
a friend from college

What is included in the letters that Sylvia writes ?
She writes a summary of how she views the role of women in the 1960 s and their roles in American society .
A summary of what happens at Sylvia s school .

According to the teacher who is writing to Sylvia during her teaching experience what does Let it be a challenge to you mean ?
It means you are stuck with it .
You re stuck with it

What is another term for a trashcan in an office setting ?
The circular file .
circular file

What did Sylvia s old college friend choose to do rather than pursuing a career ?
She chose to get married and have children .
Get married and raise a family

What subject does Sylvia Barrett teach ?
English language and literature .
English

How does Sylvia feel about her job by the end of her first year of teaching ?
Frustrated and discouraged .
discouraged

What type of school does Sylvia consider teaching at instead of her current school ?
A smaller privately-funded school .
A private school

What grade levels does Sylvia teach ?
High school students .
high school

Why did Sylvia ultimately decide to keep her current teaching job ?
She realized she had actually made a difference by touching the lives of her students .
She realized that she was doing good for the students .

Which decade is the story set in ?
The 1960 s .
1960 s

What type of neighborhood surrounds the school ?
Inner city .
inner city

What does Sylvia hope to spark her students ' interest in ?
Classic literature and writing .
Classic literature .

What does Up the Down Staircase refer to ?
A student gets punished for going the wrong direction on a stairway .
It s from a memo of why a student was getting punished .

Sylvia Barrett is what sort of teacher ?
Language teacher .
idealistic

What sort of school does Sylvia Barrett teach at ?
High school .
an inner-city public high school

How does Sylvia Barrett feel during her first year of teaching ?
Discouraged and frustrated .
Discouraged and frustrated

Why was the student being punished for using the stairs ?
He went up the down staircase .
because he went up the wrong staircase

Why does Sylvia Barrett decide not to leave the school ?
Because she realizes she has touched the lives of her students .
She sees she has made a difference to some students .

The friend Sylvia Barrett writes to chose to do what instead of pursuing a career ?
To get married and start a family .
Get married and start a family

In what time period does the story take place ?
The mid 1960s
1960 s

What does the epigram Let it be a challenge to you mean ?
You re stuck with it .
you re stuck with it

What does Keep on file in numerical order mean ?
Throw in waste-basket .
Put it in the trash bin .

