What disguise did Lady Jemima and her sister wear when visiting the doctor in Pauda ?
soldier s wives
They dressed as soldiers ' wives .

What objects were on the altar in front of the mirror when Lady Jemima and her sister visited the doctor ?
an open book , a human skull , and 2 swords
Two swords , an open book , and a human skull .

What did the professor offer to Lady Bothwell before she departed ?
a composing draught for her sister
A composing draught

Why did the general decide to visit the old castle ?
it was owned by a nobelman he went to school with
He learned the owner was a nobleman who had been his schoolfellow

What did the general hear as he was falling asleep on the first night in the castle ?
the rustling of a silk gown and the tapping of shoes
the rustle of silk and womens ' heels

Why did the general flee his room at daybreak after his first night in the castle ?
he was frightened by an encounter with a ghost
He saw a ghost

Who was the ghost the general saw ?
an ancestress of Lord Woodville
An ancestress

When did Armstrong make a name for himself in two-handed combat ?
during the reign of Queen Elizabeth
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth between English and Scottish borderers

Why was Armstrong broken-hearted at the end of the story ?
the loss of his weapon and of the honor of his clan .
The loss of his weapon

Why did sir Philip marry ?
For Money
He married for money .

What was sir Phillip about to do in the mirror ?
He was about marry a beautiful girl .
Marry a girl

Who was killed when he denounced Sir Phillip s wedding ?
Major Falconer
Major Falconer

What did the general see in his sleep when the lady turned around ?
The face of a corpse
A corpse .

Who gave Armstrong the two handed sword ?
A saxton outlaw
A saxon outlaw

What did Lady Jemima and her sister disguise as when going to see the doctor ?
As Solders wives
army wives

When the ladies went to their carnage after seeing the images in the mirror , what was Lady Bothwell handed ?
A composing drought for her sister .
a composing draught

What were the crimes of the ancestress in the picture ?
Incest and murder
Incest and murder

What was Armstrong known as during the life of his father ?
As the Laird s Jock
Laird s Jock

Why was the old laird broken-hearted ?
Their wounded honor and the unfixabe weapon .
loss of honor and weapon

Why did Sir Phillip get married ?
He married for money .
For money

Who did Sir Phillip quarrel with ?
His brother-in-law .
His brother-in-law

Which army did Sir Phillip wish to join ?
The Duke of Marlborough s army .
Duke of Marlborough s army in Flanders

With whom did Sir Phillip seek reconciliation with ?
Lady Bothwell .
Lady Bothwell .

What did the doctor from Pudua have a reputation for being able to do ?
Showing his visitors their absent friends and what they were doing .
Show his visitors their absent friends and what they were doing

What did Lady Jemima and her sister disguise themselves as ?
Soldiers ' Wives .
Soldiers ' wives .

What objects were present on the altar ?
Two swords , an open book and a human skull .
Two swords , an open book , and a human skull

Where did news of Sir Phillip s nuptials arise from ?
Holland .
Holland .

What crimes were the woman who sat on the general s bed , guilty of ?
Incest and murder .
incest and murder

What was the corpse appeared for the general , wearing ?
A silk gown .
a silk dress

