What news did Dr. Jeffrey Wigand have to share with his wife ?
That he was fired .
That he had been fired .

How does Bergman s request for translation help compromise Wigand s job ?
There is a confidentiality clause in place that Wigand could violate .
He has damaging information on the Tobacco company .

While Wigand does not want to comprise his family , what is it that Bergman wants that he has ?
Wigand has very damaging information .
His help in translating technical documents .

What happens to Wigand after his daughter Barbara sees someone outside ?
Wigand finds a footprint outside and receives a sinister phone call .
He finds a footprint outside and gets a disturbing phone call .

What does Bergman do to try and secure testimony from Wigand ?
He contacts an attorney as he thinks Wigand can avoid legal sanction if he breaks confidentiality .
Contacts a Mississippi attorney that believe Wigand can be protected if he testifies

What compels Wigand to contact the FBI ?
He receives a death threat through e-mail and a bullet in his mailbox .
He receives a death threat by email , and a bullet in his mailbox .

What was Brown and Williamson tobacco company doing to the cigarettes they manufactured ?
They were adding components to make them more addictive .
Making them more addictive

What stops Wigan from testifying in Mississippi ?
A court order stops him .
A court order from Kentucky

After being removed from the story , how does Bergman get his story out to the public ?
He contacts the New York Times and the story is blown open .
He goes to The New York Times

What was happening at CBS among the workers when Bergman was asked to leave ?
There was infighting at the news station .
Infighting .

Who are Bergman and Wallace preparing to interview at the beginning of the story ?
Sheikh Fadlallah
Dr. Jeffrey Wigand

Which show is Sheik Fadllallah granting an interview ?
60 Minutes
60 Minutes .

Which company has just fired Dr. Jeffrey Wigand ?
Brown and Williamson Tobacco Company
Brown and Williamson Tabacco Company

Why does Bergman initially want Wigand s help ?
He needs help translating technical documents .
He needs help translating technical documentation .

Which is Wigand s second job ?
A teacher
teaching

What item does Wigand find in his mailbox ?
A bullet
A bullet

What does Wigand says B & W does intentionally to their cigarettes ?
Makes them addictive
Makes them more addictive

What does Hewitt urge Bergman to take ?
An immediate vacation
an immediate vacation

Which newspaper posts a scathing front page article on CBS ?
The New York Times
The New York Times

Who resigns by the end of the story ?
Bergman
Bergman

What does Dr. Jeffrey Wigand tell his wife when he comes home from work at Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company ?
he was fired
He was fired .

What does Bergman need Wigand s help with after he is fired from Brown and Williamson ?
translating technical documents
translating documents

Why does Wigand leave angrily and accuse Bergman of betraying him ?
He is threatened with a lawsuit and loss of his benefits if he does n't sign a stricter confidentiality agreement
He thinks Bergman told B & W that Wigand betrayed confidentiality

What job does Wigand take after he and his family move ?
he becomes a teacher
Teacher

Who is Richard Scruggs ?
He is a lawyer , who is heading the case against the tobacco companies
An attorney for Mississippi in a lawsuit against tobacco companies .

What does Wigand receive after Bergman talks to Scruggs ?
a death threat and a bullet
a death threat

What does Wigand tell about B & W in his interview ?
they purposefully make their cigarettes more addictive
They make their cigarettes more addictive on purpose .

What choice does Wigand make when he is served with a Kentucky court order so that he ca n't testify in Mississippi ?
he decides to go through with his testimony
To testify anyway .

What does Wigand find when he gets back home to Louisville ?
his family is gone , they left
That Liane , his wife , has left him and taken their daughters

Why does 60 minutes end up airing the interview ?
The New York Times told the story and condemns CBS for not airing it
The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal give them bad publicity .

