Why did Lucilla need a paid companion ?
She was blind since birth .
She was blind .

How did Ocsar come to fall in love with Lucilla ?
He was attacked by robbers and Lucilla nursed him back to health and he came to love her .
After he was nursed by Lucilla .

What is Lucilla afraid of ?
She is afraid of dark colors .
Dark colors .

Where did Ocsar s brother go looking for him ?
He traveled to America to try and find him .
England .

Why could n't Oscar tell Lucilla about his discolored appearance ?
Lucilla had a fear of dark colors and his skin turned dark .
She has a fear of dark colors .

What happend to Nugent im the end ?
He died on a polar expedition .
He dies on a polar expeditiom .

Who helped Madame Pratolungo locate Oscar ?
A french detective .
A French detective .

How did Lucilla get betrayed by those around her ?
They did not tell her the truth about Oscar s appearance .
By her doctor Herr Grosse s orders and the cowardice of her fiance Oscar

Who stopped the family from telling Lucilla the truth ?
Herr Grosse ordered them to not tell her the truth .
Nugent .

Why do you think Lucilla was content with her blindness ?
She was comfortable being blind because she was blind her whole life .
Because her time with sight was so unpleasant .

What is Lucilla s impairment ?
Blindness
She is blind .

When Lucilla fell in love with Oscar , how were they related ?
They are neighbors .
Neighbors .

How did Oscar become epileptic ?
He was hit on the head by robbers .
When he was hit in the head .

What was the silver compound s side effect ?
It turns Oscar s skin to a dark blue-grey .
It turned his skin a dark blue-grey .

What was Herr Grosse s profession ?
An oculist .
An Oculist .

What did Nugent do because of his infatuation for Lucilla ?
He pretended to be Oscar .
He manipulates her into thinking that he is Oscar .

What did Oscar do after being prohibited to undeceive Lucilla ?
He went abroad and left Lucilla to his brother .
He tells Lucilla that Nugent was disfigured .

How did Madame Pratolungo locate Oscar ?
Through the help of a French detective .
By using a French detective

In which undertaking did Nugent die ?
A polar expedition
Polar expedition .

What did Lucilla refuse due to her contentment with her blindness ?
Another operation .
She refused to have another operation to correct the blindness .

Who is Lucilla s father ?
Dimchurch s rector
The rector of Dimchurch , Sussex

Who is paid to keep Lucilla company ?
Madame Pratolungo
Madame Pratolungo .

When did Oscar develop epilepsy ?
after being attacked by robbers
After a blow to his head by robbers

When was Oscar encouraged to tell Lucilla about his skin condition ?
before her surgery bandages were removed
After she gains her sight .

Which brother was a painted in America ?
Nugent
Nugent .

Which oculist did Lucilla choose for her surgery ?
Herr Grosse
Herr Grosse .

Where did Pratolungo s father live ?
Marseilles
Marseilles

How did Lucilla get away from the house of Dubourg s cousin ?
a servant helped her
Through the help of a kind servant .

Where did Herr Grosse send Lucilla to recover ?
to her aunt s house at the seaside
With her aunt at the seaside .

How did Madame Pratolungo find Oscar ?
a detective from France helped her
With the help of a French detective .

