Which event led to Mark s 6-month academic probation ?
he hacked into his college s databases
FaceMash traffic crashing parts of Harvard s computer network

How old was Mark when Erica broke up with him ?
19
19

Which four educational institutions were the first to have access to Thefacebook ?
Harvard , Yale , Columbia , and Stanfdord
Harvard , Oxford , Cambridge and LSE

What were visitors to Facemash rating ?
the attractiveness of female students
site visitors to zuckerbergs blog

When did Mark move his company to Palo Alto ?
After Sean Parker suggested it
when Parker suggested it

Who sues Facebook ?
the Winklevoss twins and Eduardo Saverin
Saverin

How much did Eduardo s ownership shares drop to after an investment from Thiel ?
0.03 %
From 34 % to .03 %

Who does Mark send a Facebook request to as the story ends ?
Erica Albright
Erica Albright

When did Tyler and Cameron find out that Facebook was available to students at Cambridge ?
While competing in a regatta
during the Henley Royal Regatta

What Inpired Zuckerberg to create what would later become facebook ?
He was dumped by Erica Albright .
the Winklevoss brothers ' idea to create an online social network called Harvard Connection

Why is Zuckerberg advised to settle with the cofounders of facebook ?
He is informed that the story of how facebook was formed and his beginning actions would not cause a jury to be sympathic to him .
his callous attitude

What does Zuckerberg do that makes you think he might still have feelings for Erica Albright ?
He sends her a friends request .
He looks her up on FB , request her as a friend and then repeatedly refreshes the page to see if she accepted .

What was the name of the website Zuckerberg first created called ?
Facemash
facemash

Why did Zuchberg hack into college data bank ?
To get pictures of female students .
to steal photos of female students

How much money did Saverin give as investment ?
1000
$ 1,000

What college was Zuchberg going to when he created Fashmash ?
Harvard
Harvard

Wha incident is the cause of Zuchberg getting six months academic probation ?
His site crashes part of the Harvard s computer servers
he hacked into the Harvard database and then traffic to his site crashes the network

When the site first started what did the visitors on site do ?
They rated how attractive they thought the female students were .
they crashed Harvard s computer network

Who coined the phrase Facebook me ?
A fellow student Christy Lee
Christy Lee

What university does Zukerberg attend ?
Harvard
Harvard

What was the name of the campus website with hacked photos ?
Facemash
Facemash

How many months academic probation does Zuckerberg receive ?
6 months
Six

Who would thefacebook be exclusive to ?
Ivy League Students
Ivy League students

Who is the harvard President ?
Larry Summers
larry summers

Who asks to Facebook me ?
Christy Lee
Christy Lee

Who suggests removing The ' from thefacebook ?
Parker
sean parker

Who vows to sue zuckerberg ?
Saverin
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss

Which twins claimed Zuckerberg stole their idea ?
Winklevoss Twins
the Winklevoss twins

Who does Zuckerberg send a request to after everyone leaves ?
Albright
Erica Albright

