Who is preparing to run for re-election ?
Andrew Shepherd
shepherd

What kind of bill does the President try to pass ?
Moderate Crime Control Bill
Crime bill

How did Shepherd s wife die ?
Cancer
Cancer

Why did Shepherd strike a deal with Wade ?
he did n't think that she could get the votes
to use info against her

Who falls in love ?
Shepherd and Wade
Shepard and Wade

What does Shepherd s team discover about his bill ?
That is is 3 votes short of a win
He is 3 votes short

What does Shepherd and his team do when they find out about the votes ?
They shelve the enviromental bill to ensure their win
Shelf the environmental bill

What does Shepherd decide to do at the State of the Union Address ?
He decides to push Wade s bill instead of his own .
He decides to defend himself , the woman he loves , and change his position on two bills .

How does Shepherd make Wade s bill better ?
By make the decrease of fossil fuels by 20 % instead of 10 % .
He will give Wade ten votes .

What happens between Shepherd and Wade in the end ?
They make amends
reconciliation

What is President Andrew Shepherd s political party ?
President Shepherd is a Democrat .
Democratic .

What is A.J . MacInerney s job title ?
MacInerney is the American Chief of Staff .
The Chief of Staff .

What does President Shepherd invite Sydney Ellen Wade to attend on their first date ?
The President invites her to a state dinner in honor of the President of France .
State Dinner

What is Sydney Ellen Wade lobbying for ?
She is lobbying to persuade the President to pass legislation to reduce carbon dixoide emmissions .
Environmental bill

Who is the Replblican presidential hopeful ?
Senator Bob Rumson .
Rumson .

What happened to President Shepherd s wife ?
His wife died three years earlier of a cancer .
She reconciled with him

What does Sydney Wade tell the President he has lost when they break up ?
She tell him that he has lost her vote .
That he lost her , and her vote .

How many votes does Wade have to secure for the environmental bill by the State of the Union ?
Wade has to secure twenty four votes .
24

How many votes does President Shepherd say he will deliver of Sydney Ellen Wade secures all of her votes by the State of the Union ?
The President says he will deliver ten votes .
10

Who is the Democratic President in the story ?
Andrew Shepard
Andrew Shepherd .

What is the name of the president s Chief of Staff ?
A.J . MacInerney
a.j .

In the story , who does President Shepherd invite to the State Dinner ?
Sydney Ellen Wade
Wade

Who does Sydney Ellen Wade work for ?
An environmental lobbying firm .
An environmental lobbying firm .

What bill does the president s administration hope to pass in order to bolster approval ratings ?
A moderate crime control bill
A crime bill .

Why did President Shepherd shelf the environmental bill ?
To get support for the crime control bill .
Shepherd was three votes short .

At the State of the Union Address , which bill did President Shepherd support ?
The environmental bill .
environmental

At the State of the Union Address , which bill did President Shepherd not support ?
The crime bill .
The weak crime bill

What is the name of the Republican Senator who opposes the environmental bill ?
Bob Rumson
Bob Rumson

What is the main objective of the environmental bill ?
To reduce carbon emissions .
To reduce carbon dioxide emissions .

