What is the City of Joy ?
It is a slum area populated with lepers and poor people .
A slum full of lepers and poor people

What does Hasari Pal do for a living before moving to Calcutta ?
He is a rural farmer .
He was a farmer

Why does Hasari Pal move his family to Calcutta ?
They are in search of a better life .
In search of a better life .

Who is Max Lowe ?
He is a doctor from Houston , Texas .
A doctor from the US

Why does Max Lowe come to Calcutta ?
He is in search of spiritual enlightenment after losing a patient in Houston .
He is in search of spiritual enlightenment after losing a patient .

What misfortune does Max Lowe encounter upon arriving in Calcutta ?
He is tricked by a prostitute , beaten , robbed , and left in the street bleeding .
He was robbed , beating and left on the street with no documents

Who comes to the rescue of Max Lowe ?
Hasari Pal takes him to the City of Joy .
Hasari Pal .

Why does n't Max want to spend time in the City of Joy neighborhood ?
He is afraid that he will get too attached to the people there .
He fears being too emotionally attached to its residents .

Who convinced Max to stay and that he is needed by the people pf the neighborhood ?
The Irish woman who runs the local clinic .
A strong-willed Irish woman played by Pauline Collins .

What begins to give the depressed doctor Max Lowe new hope in life ?
He sees people who are much worse off that he is living their lives with hope for the future .
Befriending the slum-dwellers whose lives are much worse than his .

Where does Pal move with his family to find a better life ?
Calcutta
Calcutta .

What happens to the Pals after they are cheated out of their rent money ?
They are thrown into the street .
They are thrown out on the streets .

What is Max Lowe s professed ?
doctor
Doctor

What is Lowe searching for when he arrives in Calcutta ?
spiritual enlightenment
Spiritual enlightenment .

Who tricks Lowe which results in him being beaten ?
a young prostitute
A prostitute

Who comes to help Lowe ?
Hasari Pal
Hasari Pal .

What is the slum area called that is populated with lepers and poor people ?
City of Joy
City of Joy

An Irish woman convinces Lowe to do what ?
run the local clinic
Help his new-found friends .

Why does n't Lowe want to become too involved with the people in the slum ?
He does n't want to become too emotionally attached .
He does n't want to be emotionally attached to the slum people .

How many children does Hasari Pal have ?
three
Three .

What was Hasari Pal s occupation before he moved to Calcutta ?
Farmer
A farmer .

What is the City of Joy neighborhood like ?
A slum with poor people
It is a slum filled with poor people and lepers .

What is the Irish woman s occupation ?
She runs a clinic .
She runs the local clinic .

How many children does Hasari Pal have at the beginning of the story ?
Three
Three .

What is Max Lowe s occupation ?
Doctor
A doctor .

Where was Max Lowe living before he moved to Calcutta ?
Houston
In Houston .

Where did the doctor work before he moved to Calcutta ?
At a hospital in Houston
In a Houston hospital .

What part of the city do the Pals ' end up settling in ?
The City of Joy neighborhood , the slums
Poor part of the city .

Who tricks Max after he first arrives in Calcutta ?
A prostitute
A prostitute

Who takes Max to the City of Joy ?
Hasari Pal
Hasari Pal .

