What caused Jack to start suffering from bouts of amnesia ?
A bullet wound to the head .
Bullet wound to the head .

Who does Jack give his dogtags to ?
Jackie
Jackie .

What is Jack accused of that lands him in a psychiatric hospital ?
Killing a policeman .
Killing a police officer , but Jack is found not guilty by reason of insanity .

Who is Jack s psychiatrist at the hospital ?
Dr. Thomas Becker
Dr. Thomas Becker

Where does Dr. Becker put Jack once he puts him in his straightjacket ?
A morgue drawer .
morgue drawer

What day does Jack die ?
January 1 , 1993 .
January 1st , 1993 ( New Year s Day ) .

What causes Jack to die ?
He slips on ice in front of the hospital and hurts his head .
He cracks his head after slipping on some ice , and bleeds out from the wound .

On Jack s last trip to the future , what is Jackie s job ?
A nurse .
nurse

Who took Jack to Jackie s house the day he died ?
Dr. Beth Lorenson
Dr. Beth Lorenson .

Why does the judge not believe Jack when he says someone else was at the murder scene ?
He has bouts of amnesia .
because of his amnesia

What kind of wound did Jack Starks suffer ?
bullet wound to the head
bullet wound to the head

What war was Jack Starks in ?
Gulf War
Gulf war

Who did Jack Starks see near a broken-down truck as he was walking ?
Jackie and her alcoholic mother
Jackie and her alcoholic mother .

What did Jackie ask Jack Starks for that he gave her ?
his dogtags
his dog tags

What crime was Starks accused of ?
murder of a police officer
Murder

What was Stark s punishment for the crime for which he was accused ?
He was sentenced to a mental facility
Starks punishment was to be incarcerated to a mental institution

Who is Stark s psychiatrist at the mental facility ?
Tom Becker
Dr. Thomas Becker

Where does Stark travel when he is in a morgue drawer ?
15 years into the future
Stark travels 15 years into the future in the morgue drawer .

Who is the doctor that takes Stark out of the mental facility briefly in 1993 ?
Dr. Beth Lorenson
Dr. Beth Lorensen

Who does Stark meet an older version of in his time travels ?
Jackie
Jackie .

What ailment does Jack Stark recover from ?
A bullet wound to the head .
Jack Stark recovers from a bullet wound to the head .

What does Stark give to Jackie ?
Stark gives her his dogtags .
dogtags

What happens after Stark accepts a ride from a passerby ?
They are pulled over by a policeman .
After Starks accepts a ride from a passerby , he realizes it is an older version of Jackie , who he knew much younger .

Where does Stark find himself waking up ?
Next to the body of a dead policeman with a bullet in his torso .
Stark wakes up in the year 2007 .

Where is Starks sent after the trial ?
He ends up in a mental instituton .
mental institution

What is Starks treatment at the hands of Dr. Thomas Becker ?
He is bound in a straight-jacket and placed inside a morgue drawer .
sensory deprivation

Where does Starks wind up during those treatments ?
He winds up 15 years in the future .
15 years into the future

What does Starks learn from Jackie on one of his visits to 2007 ?
That he passes away on New Year s Day 1993 .
Jackie has a better life

What does Starks give to Jackie s mother ?
A letter outlining the fate in store for herself if she does n't change her ways .
Starks gives Jackie s mother a letter which he has written himself .

What does Starks discover on his next trip to the future ?
That Jackie s life has turned around for the better .
a letter he had written

