What happen in 1962 ?
Soviet Union in process of carrying nuclear weapons into Cuba .
The Cuba Missile Crisis

Who must come up with a plan of action to pervent their activation ?
President John F Kennedy and his Advisers .
The Kennedy administration .

What kind of threat the United States will not allow ?
Missile threat .
A missile threat .

Who advise immediate U.S. Military strikes against the missiles ?
Joint Chief of Staff .
The Joints Cheif of Staff

Why did Kennedy administration tried to find a solution to move the missiles ?
To avoid an act of war .
They wanted to avoid war.f

Why did the U. S. naval forces stop all ships entering Cuban waters ?
They are not carrying weapons for Cuban .
To stop weapons from entering Cuba .

Who was Secretary of State ?
Dean Rusk .
Dean Rusk .

Who was John A. Scali ?
A reporter for ABC news .
John A. Scali was a reporter with ABC News .

What did President Kennedy authorizes ?
Attacks on the missiles site and an invasion of Cuba .
Attacks on missile site and the invasion of Cuba .

What type of plane was sent to Cuba to gather intelligence for attack ?
Air force U 2 reconnaissance plane .
U-2

When was the areal photos found the Soviets carrying weapons to Cuba ?
October , 1962
October 1962

Who was the President during this story ?
President Kennedy
John F. Kennedy .

What did Kennedy want to avoid by not atracking the Soviets ?
An invasion of Berlin causing an all out war
War with nuclear weapons

What did the public describe that the administration settled on ?
A quarenteen
A quarantine

What must the navy do in this quarenteen ?
Stop and inspect all the ships for weapons entering Cuba
Stop all ships and check them for weapons

What did the Secretary of State say when Soviet ships turned back ?
We are in a staring contest , and they blinked
We are eyeball to eyeball , and I think the other fellow just blinked . Meaning we are close and they gave an openning .

What does Kenny O'Donnell tell the spy plane pilots not to do ?
Report if they was fired upon
Not to report if they were shot at .

What did Kennedy authorize to buy more time ?
Invasion of Cuba , and attacks on missile sites .
Attacks on missile sites and invading Cuba but not untill the following Monday .

Who did Kennedy send to meet the Soviets as a final effort to avoid war ?
His brother Robert Kennedy .
He sent his brother Robert F. Kennedy to meet with the Soviets .

What is Kennedy doing at the end of the story ?
Dictating a letter
Writing a letter to the family of a man shot down over Cuba .

What was the name of the pilot who got shot down during the reconnaissance mission to Cuba ?
Rudolf
Rudolf Anderson

Who goes to speak to the Soviet ambassador the weekend before invading Cuba ?
Robert F. Kennedy
Robert F. Kennedy played by Steven Culp .

The Soviet Union placed nuclear missiles in which country ?
Cuba
Cuba

If President Kennedy would have invaded Cuba , the Soviet Union likely would invade what important city ?
Berlin
Berlin .

The Soviet Union wanted the United States to remove their Jupiter missiles from which country ?
Turkey
The missiles were to be removed from Cuba .

What is the name of the nuclear weapons test that proceeded without the President s knowledge ?
Bluegill Triple Prime
A nuclear weapon test was performed without knowledge .

The Soviet Union offered to withdraw missiles if the United States agreed to not what ?
Invade Cuba
Not to invade Cuba

What solution does Kennedy try first as something that will not be viewed as an act of war ?
Quarantine
A quarantine

In what year did the United States discover the Soviet Union putting missiles in Cuba ?
1962
In 1962

Who was the ambassador from the Soviet Union that met with Robert Kennedy ?
Anatoly Dobrynin
Anatoly Dobrynin

