What portrait is being unveiled in Los Angeles ?
Whistler s Mother .
Whistler s Mother

Where does Mr. Bean Work ?
The National Gallery in London .
At the National Gallery in London .

Why does David become depressed ?
Mr. Bean ruins the painting .
scared of getting fired and aressted

What food item does Mr. Bean use to recreate the painting ?
Egg whites .
egg white

Who ends up with Whistler s Mother ?
Mr. Bean .
David

What surgery does Mr. Bean perfom ?
He removes a bullet from a chest .
Removing a bullet from Brutus .

Why was Jennifer in the hospital ?
She was in a motorcycle accident .
Motorcycle accident .

Why was Mr. Bean going to be fired ?
Sleeping on the job .
sleeping on the job

How much was the painting purchased for ?
Fifty million dollars .
$ 50 million

Who does Mr. Bean zap with the defibrillator ?
Himself .
himself

Why does the board want to fire Mr. Bean ?
He has a reputation for sleeping on the job .
sleeping on the job

What event causes David Langley to lose his confidence in Mr. Bean ?
Mr. Bean ruins the painting .
when the painting is ruined

What is David s reaction to his lost confidence ?
He gets drunk and despondent .
He gets very drunk

What does Mr. Bean use to make a new painting ?
Egg whites and nail varnish .
A poster of the original , egg whites , and nail varnish .

How does Mr. Bean win the crowd s approval ?
He improvises a sentimental speech .
By giving a sentimental speech

How does Lieutenant Brutus get shot ?
While stopping to deal with a mugging .
He was shot during a mugging .

How does Bean wake Jennifer ?
He accidently defibrillates himself and wakes her in the process .
By zapping himself with the defilibrator-+*9 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- /

What causes the Langley s to rush to the hospital ?
They think their daughter has been in an accident .
Daughter Jennifer s motorcycle accident .

What keepsakes does Mr. Bean take home to remind him of the Langley s ?
Photos of the Langleys and the original painting .
The Whistler painting

Who does Mr. Bean have to give a speech to about the painting ?
General Newton , journalists and reporters .
Reporters and Journalists

Why does the National Gallery send Mr. Bean to Los Angeles ?
To get rid of him .
To get rid of him .

Why does n't the board of the National Gallery fire Mr. Bean ?
The Chairman is sympathetic to him .
thwarted by chairman

What does David Langley s family do when Mr. Bean moves in ?
They move out of the house .
They move out

Who becomes gets drunk after the painting is ruined ?
David .
David

What items did Mr. Bean use to make the poster look like the painting ?
Egg whites and nail varnish .
egg whites and nail polish

Why does Lt. Brutus visit David ?
To tell him of his daughter s accident .
David s daughter was in a motorcycle accident .

Why do the police stop on their way to the hospital ?
To stop a mugging .
stop a mugging

What kind of clothing is Bean wearing at the hospital ?
He is wearing Doctor s uniform .
Doctor garments

Who does Mr. Bean preform surgery on ?
Lt. Brutus .
Brutus

At the end of the story , where does the original damaged painting end up ?
In Bean s home in London .
In Bean s room .

