Where have the Franks been for 7 years ?
Spain
In Spain fighting

Who is Blancandrin s king fighting against ?
Charlemagne and his army of Franks
Muslims

Why did Ganelon betray the Franks ?
he though Charlemagne s nephew , Roland , wanted him to be killed by the Muslims
Ganelon fears being murdered by the enemy .

Why is Charlemagne s nephew accused of being proud ?
He refused to call for help when his troops were ambushed
He refused help

Where do the Muslims die after defeating Roland s men ?
the river Ebro
the river Ebro

How did the Franks win the battle over Saragossa ?
Charlemagne kills Baligant
By Killing the leader of Babylon Baligant

Who is Ganelon married to in the story ?
Roland s mother
Roland s mother

When does Blancandrin s queen go to Aix ?
after the Franks conquer Saragossa
When Charlemagne kills Baligant .

Which actions did Marsile promise to take if Charlemagne agreed to end the war ?
give Charlemagne treasure and convert to Christianity
promising treasures and conversion to Christianity if Franks go back to France

How was Roland s stepfather punished for his betrayal ?
he was torn apart by horses
He was kept in chains until his trial

What is Charlemange s army fighting for ?
Charlemange s army is fighting for Muslims in Spain
To remove Muslims from Spain

How long have they been there ?
Seven years
seven years

Who is Marsile s wise man ?
Blancandrin
Blancandrin

What did Marsile promise to Charlemange in order for peace ?
He promised treasure
Marsile promises he will convert to Christianity as well as promising treasure .

Who is Charlemange s nephew ?
Portagonist Roland
Roland

Where did the Muslims ambush Roland ?
Roncesvalles
Roncesvalles

Where did Charlemange pursue Muslims ?
They pursue the Muslims to drown in River Ebro
Spain

Who arrived in Spain to help Marsile ?
The powerful emir of Babylon , Baligant has arrived in Spain
Baligant

What happened when Charlemange kill Baligant ?
The Muslim army scattered and Saragossa was conquered by the Franks .
The Muslim army scatters

How did Theirry kill Pinabel ?
He killed him in trial by combat .
in trial by combat

Where is Charlemagne fighting the Muslims ?
They are fighting in Spain .
Spain .

How long has Charlemagne and his army been fighting in Spain ?
They have been there seven years
Seven years

What advice does Blancandrin give King Marsile ?
To surrender to Charlemagne and give hostages
He advises him to conciliate the Emperor by surrendering and offering hostages .

How is protagonist Roland related to Charlemagne ?
Roland is Charlemagne s nephew .
Roland is Champagne s nephew .

Who does Roland nominate as the messenger to King Marsile ?
His stepfather Ganelon
Ganelon .

What is an olifant ?
A hunting horn made out of elephant tusk
hunting horn made and used from elephant white tusk

Why is Roland accused of pride by critics in the Song of Roland ' ?
Roland is accused of pride because he wo n't call for help at the battle at Roncesvalles .
He refused help

Who does Charlemagne take back with him to Aix , France ?
King Marsile s wife , Bramimonde
Charlemagne takes Marsile s wife Bramimonde , Queen of Saragossa with him .

What crime is Ganelon accused of ?
Ganelon is accused of Treason .
Betrayel

How many of Ganelon s relatives are hanged when his found guilty of treason ?
Thirty of Ganelon s relatives are hanged .
30

