As the family finances are being depleted , what is the solution offered by Uncle Millard ?
Leopold must marry a rich American
To marry a rich American

What new interest brings Leopold a new initiative ?
Science
science

Where does Leopold first meet Stuart Besser ?
In Leopold s study
21st century New York City .

How does Leopold come to New York City ?
He falls off the unfinished Brooklyn Bridge
Falling from a bridge into a time portal

How long will Leopold have to wait in New York City before he can return to the 19th century ?
One week
A week .

When Leopold meets Stuart s girlfriend , what is her career ?
marketing research
Market research .

Why does Charlie believe Leopold s career is in acting ?
Beause of his mannerisms
Because he thinks Leopold being Leopold is a character performance .

Why does Leopold become upset with Kate s business practices ?
She is promoting a false belief and her integrity comes under question .
Because she endorses a flawed item .

How do Stuart and Charlie convince Kate that she actually belongs in the 19th Century ?
They show her photos of herself from Stuart s time there .
They show her pictures from 1876 that have her in them .

Why is Leopold resigned to marry Miss Tree in the 19th Century ?
Because of her family wealth .
The family finance are depleted

What do Charlie and Stuart show Kate at her company banquet ?
Pictures of her in 1876
pictures of her in 1876

Who does Leopold announce as his bride-to-be ?
Kate McKay
Kate McKay

Where does the portal open up at when Katie goes through it ?
The Brooklyn Bridge
the Brooklyn Bridge

Why did Kate go to Stuart s apartment when she met Leopold for the first time ?
To get her Palm pilot stylus .
Palm pilot stylus

What happened to Stuart after he fell into the elevator shaft ?
He was put in a mental hospital .
he is institutionalized

What type of product does Leopold find disgusting that he was hired to endorse ?
Diet margarine
diet margarine

What is Charlie s career ?
He is an actor .
Actor .

Which year does Kate vanish into at the end ?
1876
The year 1876

What time is depicted on the grandfather clock at the end ?
12:15
12:15

What is Leopold s title ?
Prince Leopold , Duke of Albany
The Duke of Albany

Who does Millard say Prince Leopold has to marry ?
A rich American
A rich American .

What was Stuart Besser doing in the Duke s study ?
He was looking at schematic diagram and photographing them .
Looking at and photographing schematic diagrams .

How did Stuart travel back in time to 1876 ?
He used a temporal portal .
Through a portal that he predicted .

How does Stuart end up injuring himself ?
He fell into an elevator shaft .
Escaping the mental institution

What is Kate s occupational field ?
Market research
Market research

Why are there issues with elevators in the 21st century ?
Leopold traveled to the 21st century before he could register for a patent .
He left the century before he could register a patent

Who does n't want to hear Leopold s pious speeches ?
Kate
Kate McKay

What product was Leopold supposed to sell in a commercial ?
Diet margarine
Diet margarine .

What does Kate choose over her career ?
A life with Leopold .
A life with Leopold .

According to Leopold , where is new nobility found ?
In those that pursue initiatives .
Those who pursue his interest in the sciences .

