What crime is Esmeralda accused of ?
The attempted murder of Phoebus .
Attempted murder

Who is the leader of the Gypsies ?
Clopin
Clopin

What happens to the skeletons at the end of the story ?
They crumble to dust .
They crumble to dust when someone attempts to separate them

Where does Quasimodo die ?
In Montfaucon next to Esmeralda s body .
Graveyard

How does Frollo die ?
Frollo is pushed from atop Notre Dame by Quasimodo .
Frollo dies from falling off of Notre Dame .

Why does Quasimodo scare off the gypsies ?
He thinks they are trying to hurt Esmeralda .
He thinks they are there to hurt Esmerelda .

What act of kindness did Esmeralda do that helped Quasimodo ?
She gave him water .
She gave him a drink of water when he was on the pillory .

Who captures Quasimodo in the beginning of the story ?
Phoebus
Phoebus and his guards capture Quasimodo .

What is Quasimodo s cause of death ?
Starvation
Quasimodo dies of starvation .

Who orders Quasimodo to kidnap Esmeralda at the beginning of the story ?
Frollo
Frollo

What was the main character s name , the gypsy whom everyone desired ?
Her name was Esmeralda .
Esmeralda

Who did Frollo order to kidnap Esmeralda ?
Quasimodo was ordered to kidnap Esmeralda .
Quasimodo

What did Esmeralda do for Quasimodo when he was being flogged and turned on the pillory ?
Esmeralda brought him a glass of water when he was thirsty .
She gave him a drink of water .

What was Esmeralda arrested and charged with ?
Esmeralda was charged with the the attempted murder of Phoebus .
The murder of Phoebus

Who was really behind the attempted murder of Phoebus ?
Frollo attempted to kill Phoebus because he was jealous of the attention he gave Esmeralda .
Frollo

Who saves Esmeralda from being hanged at the gallows for the attempted murder charge ?
Quasimodo swings down and rescues her .
Phoebus and his guards save Esmeralda from being hanged for attempted murder .

Why does Frollo hand Esmeralda over to the troops to be hanged ?
Esmeralda does not return his love .
He ca n't win her love .

What did Quasimodo do to Frollo while Esmeralda was being hanged ?
Quasimodo pushed Frollo to his death for laughing while Esmeralda was being hanged .
Quasimodo pushes Frollo off Notre Dame when Esmeralda is being hanged .

Where does Quasimodo go after Esmeralda s death ?
Quasimodo lays in the graveyard where Esmeralda s body rests and dies of starvation .
To Montfaucon

What happens 18 months later when the tomb is opened and the skeletons of Esmeralda and Quasimodo are attempted to be separated ?
Their skeletons simply crumble to dust .
They turn into dust .

Who does Quasimodo fall in love with ?
Esmerelda
Esmeralda

Who is Esmerelda accused of trying to murder ?
Phoebus
Phoebus

Who actually tried to kill Phoebus ?
Frollo
Frollo

Why is Frollo jealous of Phoebus ?
Phoebus attempted to seduce Esmerelda
He saw him try to seduce Esmeralda .

Where is Esmerelda taken for sanctuary ?
The Cathedral
Notre Dame cathedral

Who rings the bell of Notre Dame ?
Quasimodo
Quasimodo

Who takes Esmerelda to the Cathedral for protection ?
Quasimodo
Quasimoto

What lethal punishment is Esmerelda subjected to due to Frollo s betrayal ?
Public hanging
She is hanged .

Who is pushed off Notre Dame and killed by Quasimodo ?
Frollo
Archdeacon Claude Frollo

