What happens to Harold Speck in the diner ?
He is asked a question by a man who makes him uncomfortable .
A stranger asks him a question that makes him uncomfortable

What is odd about the way Harold is found dead ?
He has his eyelids removed and is holding a symbol which is a zero with a line through it .
His eyelids are cut off and he is found clutching a circular symbol .

Why was Mackleway suspended ?
For beating a suspected serial killer , Raymond Starkley .
He beat a suspected serial killer

What do Mackleway and Kulok discover in their research ?
The possibility that they may be investigating a super serial killer , responsible for deaths in all the states .
the symbol is not a circle , it s a zero

Where does the information Mackleway recieve from the killer send him ?
To Benjamin O'Ryan , who believes he is a former FBI agent .
To Benjamin O'Ryan

Who does O'Ryan end up killing outside the bar ?
Starkey , the serial killer Mackleway had put behind bars but was later released .
Starkey .

What is unique about O'Ryan ?
That he can see through the eyes of serial killers and uses that to hunt said killers .
He can see the actions of serial killers

Who is the actual Suspect Zero serial killer ?
A man who travels around the United States in a refrigerated truck kidnapping children .
a man who travels around the U.S. with a refrigerated truck

What happens to Mackleway at the carnival ?
He chases a suspect , only to find it is the wrong person and is then captured by O'Ryan .
A suspect he chases turns out to my his father

Who shoots O'Ryan at Suspect zro s ranch ?
Kulok , to protect him from hitting her partner .
Kulok

What is Harold Speck s profession ?
Travelling salesman
A traveling salesman

Who is found dead after they left the diner ?
Harold Speck
Harold Speck

Who did Mackelway beat in the flashback sequence ?
Raymond Starkey
a suspected serial killer

What is the nickname given to the super serial killer ?
Suspect Zero
Suspect Zero

What body part does the killer always cut ?
Eyelids
eyelids

What government experiment was O ' Ryan part of ?
Project Icarus
Project Icarus

Who shares O ' Ryan s special ability ?
Mackelway
Mackelway

Whose eyes does O ' Ryan begin to see through ?
Mackelway
Mackelway s

What vehicle does Suspect Zero use to travel around the United States ?
Refrigerated truck
A refrigerated truck .

Where do O ' Brian and Mackelway finally find Suspect Zero ?
His ranch
A carnival

Where was the child in the truck trailer kidnapped from ?
A swing .
from a swing

Who kills Suspect Zero ?
Mackelway .
Mackeyway does .

What does Suspect Zero travel in ?
A refrigerated truck .
He travels in a refrigerated truck .

Where does Suspect Zero take his victims ?
To a ranch .
His Ranch

How does Mackelway realize the victims are transported in a refrigerator ?
The victims have freezer burns .
they had signs of freezer burns on their bodies

Who can see the actions of serial killers ?
O'Ryan .
Benjamin O'Ryan

What did Harold have cut off him ?
His eyelids .
his eyelids

Why did Mackelway receive a six month suspension ?
He beat a serial killer .
He beat a suspected serial killer

Who is initially suspected of being Suspect Zero ?
O'Ryan .
Benjamin O'Ryan

What was Mackelway receiving with information ?
Faxes .
a series of faxes

