What did Charles Bishop Weyland discover through thermal imaging ?
a pyramid buried 2000 feet beneath the ice
a pyramid buried 2000 feet below the ice

Why did the Predators use the heat bloom to attract humans ?
to make new Aliens to hunt
To make new aliens to hunt

What kind of weapon did one of the Predators kill an Alien and facehugger with ?
a shuriken
A spear weapon .

Who did Alexa and Scar battle with after reaching the surface ?
the Alien Queen
the alien queen

What did the Predators teach early human civilizations ?
how to build pyramids
How to build pyramids

How often did the Predators visit the Earth ?
every 100 years
Every 100 years .

Which two people survived after Weyland was killed ?
Alexa and Sebastian
Alexa and Sebastian

What does one of the Predators present to Alexa ?
one of their spear weapons
One of their spears

Why did Alexa and Sebastian decide that the Predators should hunt ?
so the Aliens do n't reach the surface
so the Aliens do not reach the surface

Why did the Predator give Alexa one of their weapons ?
to recognize her warrior skills
to recognize her skill as a warrior

What does Charles Bishop Weyland discover on an island off the coast of Antarctica ?
A pyramid buried beneath 2,000 feet of ice .
Pyramid

How does Weyland s group reach the pyramid beneath the ice ?
By following a path that was created by a Predator ship .
Create a passage by firing a beam

What does the team first discover about the pyramid ?
It belonged to an ancient civilization that practiced human sacrifices .
signs of ancient life

What happens when the Alien Queen is awoken ?
She begins to produce eggs .
She starts laying eggs

What happens when a human is attacked by a facehugger ?
A chestburster leaves the humans body and becomes an alien .
The facehugger attaches itself to the human s face , and then a Chestburster emerges from the chest and becomes and adult Alien .

What happens as a result of Weyland s death ?
Alexa and Sebastian have enough time to escape from the Predators and Aliens .
Alexa and Sebastian escape .

Who taught the human civilization how to build the pyramids ?
The Predators .
The Predators

How often do the Predators visit Earth ?
Every 100 years .
every 100 years

Why do the Predators visit Earth ?
They were seen as Gods and expected humans to saciafice themselves for a hunting ritual .
To take part in a rite of passage .

What do the Predators reward Alexa with for helping them defeat the Queen Alien ?
A spear weapon .
A spear weapon

Where is Bouvetoya geographically located ?
About 1,000 miles off the coast of Antarctica .
About 1,000 miles off the coast of Antarctica

What does Charles Bishop Weyland discover using thermal imaging ?
A pyramid about 2,000 feet under the ice .
a pyramid 2000 feet below the ice

Who is Alexa Woods ?
The guide for the team of experts assembled by Weyland to investigate the buried pyramid .
She is a guide for the team of investigators hired by Weyland Corporation .

How is the enigmatic heat bloom on the island initially detected ?
By satellite .
By satellite

What is located directly above the heat bloom ?
An deserted whaling station .
an abandoned whaling station

What does the exploration team find in the buried pyramid ?
A chamber filled with human bones with burst rib cages .
human skeletons with ruptured chest

What does the Alien Queen do immediately after she awakes from her cryogenic state ?
She starts to lay eggs .
she started producing eggs

Who taught early human civilizations to build pyramids ?
The Predators .
The Predators

How do Alexa and Scar kill the Alien Queen ?
By attaching a chain to a water tower and throwing her over a cliff to be dragged to the ocean floor .
attached her chain to a water tower and pushed her over a cliff and she ended up at the bottom of the ocean

How is Scar killed ?
He is impaled by the Alien Queen s tail .
He is impaled through the chest by the Alien Queen s tail .

