Where does the story begin ?
in Heaven
Heaven .

What is the Devil s name in the story ?
Mephistopleles
Mephistopheles

Who is the Lord s favorite scholar ?
Dr. Faust
Faust

How does Faust try to learn about the universe after natural means fail him ?
through magic
By magic

Which holiday s celebration stops Faust from killing himself ?
Easter
Easter .

Why does the Devil , in the form of a poodle , follow Faust home ?
to try and lead him astry
He is challenged to lead Dr. Faust astray from his theological studies .

Where is Faust when he is transformed into a young man ?
Auerbach s tavern in Leipzig
Leipzig

Why was Gretchen sentenced to death ?
she drowned her newborn child
She drowing her baby

What clause did Faust require be added to his contract with Mephistopheles ?
The Devil must get him to be satisfied and want a moment to last forever
Faust want Mephistopheles to get him satisfied and for the moment last for ever

How does the pregnant woman s brother die ?
in a sword fight
A sword fight .

Who is Mephistopheles ?
The devil .
The Devil .

What animal form does Mephistopheles become ?
A poodle .
Poodle

What prevents Faust from committing suicide ?
The sounds of the beginning of Easter celebrations .
He meets the Devil .

What kind of relationship do Faust and Gretchen have ?
They are lovers .
lovers

Who does Gretchen accidentally kill ?
Her mother .
She kills her mother with a sleeping potion .

Why is Gretchen given a death sentence ?
She kills her newborn child .
She drowned her child .

Who do Faust and Mephisto kill in a sword fight ?
Gretchen s brother
Gretchen s brother

What did Faust and Mephistopheles agree to in their contract ?
If Faust did Mephistopheles bidding on earth , the devil would do the same for him in hell .
he would do Faust s bidding on Earth as Faust would do for him in hell

What was the Lord s challenge to Mephistopheles in the prologue ?
That he could not lead Faust , the Lord s favorite scholar , astray .
Mephistopheles can not lead Faust astray .

When Faust becomes distraught over not being able to gain knowledge of science through natural means , what does he attempt ?
He tries to use magic to find the answers to science and nature .
Suicide

Who is the Lords favorite striving scholar ?
Dr. Faust
Dr Faust

What other name is Mephistopheles known as ?
The Devil
The Devil .

Why does Dr. Faust contemplate suicide ?
Faust feels dejected after he fails to gain knowledge of nature and universe from magical ones
He is disappointed in science .

What is Dr. Faust doing when he finds the poodle ?
He is going for an Easter walk in the countryside
Walking on Easter in the countryside with his assistant .

Who does the poodle turn into ?
Mesphistopheles
Mephistopheles

What is the side clause Dr. Faust adds to Mephistopheles s contract ?
Dr. Faust will be satisfied and want a moment to last forever
Mephisto must make Faust satisfied and want a moment to last forever .

Who does Gretchen accidentally kill ?
Her mother
Her mother

How do Dr. Faust and Mephistopheles kill in a sword fight ?
Gretchen s brother
Greychen s brother

Why is Gretchen sentenced to death ?
For drowning her newborn baby .
going insane and drowning her newborn

Where does Mephistopheles take Dr. Faust to distract him ?
Witches Sabbath of Walpurgis Night
A witche s sabbath of Walpurgis Night .

