Who is the source that gave Ike false information about Maggie for an article ?
One of Maggie s former fiances
One of Maggie s former fiances

Who is Bob Kelly to Maggie ?
her fourth fiance
Her fourth fiance .

What is one specific thing that Maggie changes to mimic her fiance s choices ?
how she likes her eggs
her choice of eggs

When does Ike confront Maggie about what she does in her relationships ?
After he defends her at her pre-wedding celebration to Bob .
at the pre wedding celebration

What happens between Ike and Maggie after Bob walks her down the isle ?
A passionate kiss
They tell their feelings and kiss

How does Maggie escape from Ike when she leaves him standing at the alter ?
She hitches a ride on a fedex truck .
She hitches a ride on a FedEx truck .

Who does Ike find Maggie talking to when she shows up unexpectly ?
His cat
italics

What was Maggie s explanation for leaving Ike at the alter ?
He understood her , but she did n't understand herself .
That even though he understood her , she did not understand herself .

What kind of ceremony did Maggie and Ike eventually have ?
a private one
a private ceremony outside on a hill

Who proposed for the wedding that actually took place ?
Maggie
Maggie

How many men has Maggie left at the alter ?
Three
Three .

Where does Ike travel to initially interview Maggie ?
Hale , Maryland
Hale , Maryland

What is the name of Ike s cate ?
Italics
Italics .

What food changes in every relationship Maggie is in ?
She has her eggs differently .
Eggs

When and where do Ike and Maggie first kiss ?
They kiss at the wedding rehearsal , at the altar .
At the alter

Why does Ike get fired ?
His article about Maggie had several errors .
not checking source

What does Bob do for a living ?
He is a high school football coach .
football coach

How do we know Maggie is serious about Ike ?
She turns in her running shoes .
She kisses him

What kind of wedding to Maggie and Ike have ?
A small , private ceremony .
private ceremony

A-Z How do we know that Maggie and Ike live happily ever after ?
We see them playing in the snow .
After the credits , they are seen playing in the snow together happily , years after the wedding .

How many men has Maggie left at the altar ?
three
Three .

What is Ike s full name ?
Homer Eisenhower Graham
Eisenhower Graham

Where does Ike find Maggie living with her family ?
Hale , Maryland
Hale Maryland

What is Maggie s fourth fiancee s job ?
football coach
High school football coach .

What realization about Maggie s relationships does Ike make through her choice of eggs ?
that she is changing herself to be like her fiancees each time .
her egg choices change with each fiance

What does Bob do to Ike when he finds out Ike s feelings for Maggie ?
punches him in the face .
He punches Ike in the face .

What kind of vehicle does Maggie hitch a ride on to get away from Ike on their wedding day ?
a FedEx truck
A FedEx truck .

What is Ike s cat s name ?
Italics
Italics

Why did Maggie run away from her wedding to Ike ?
Because she did n't understand herself
Because she did n't understand herself .

What is different about the second wedding between Ike and Maggie and all her other weddings ?
it is a private ceremony
They get married with a private ceremony outside on a hill

