Which two men did Diane Feinstein say had been assassinated ?
Harvey Milk and Mayor George Moscone
Harvey Milk and Mayor George Moscone

Who is Scott Smith ?
Harvey Milk s lover
Milk s younger gay lover

What is the name of the business Milk and Scott open in Eureka Valley ?
Castro Camera
castro camera

Who committs suicide by hanging himself ?
Jack Lira
Jack Lira

What year did Milk get elected a seat on the Board of Supervisors ?
1977
1977

What Proposition did Milk work tirelessly against ?
Proposition 6
Proposition 6

What does Proposition 6 prevent ?
Gays and lesbians from working in California public school system
gays and lesbians and anyone who supports them from working in California s public schools

Who started Save Our Children in Dade County , Florida ?
Anita Bryant
anita bryant

How did White bring a gun into City Hall ?
He went through a basement window
To shoot the mayor and Milk if he did n't get his way .

What was the legislation that would ban gays and lesbians from working in Public Schools ?
Proposition 6
Proposition 6

Where was the neighborhood , known as The Castro located ?
Eureka Valley
San Franscisco

In what decade does the story take place ?
1970s
1970 s

Why do n't Scott Smith and Jack Lira want to work with Harvey Milk ?
He is too involved in politics .
devotion to political activism

Which of the several political offices that Harvey Milk ran for did he win ?
Board of Supervisors
San Francisco Board of Supervisors

What distinguishes Harvey Milk from any other person that held public office in California before him ?
He was gay
openly gay

What did Dan White do when Harvey Milk failed to stop a psychiatric hospital from opening in White s district ?
voted against the gay rights ordance
Votes against the gay rights ordinance

Who assinated George Moscone and Harvey Milk ?
Dan White
Dan White

What does Harvey Milk become to overcome the resistance of the Irish-Catholic living in The Castro neighborhood ?
gay activist
a gay activist

Who announces to the press that Milk has been assassinated ?
Dianne Feinstein
Dianne Fienstein

What is the name of Milk and Smith s business ?
Castro Camera
Castro Cinema

Why does Smith leave Milk ?
He s tired of his obsession with politics
Because Milk is too focused on his activism .

How does Lira die ?
He hangs himself
By hanging himself

What political seat does Milk first win ?
san francisco board of supervisors district 5
San Francisco Board of Supervisors District 5

What did Proposition 6 seek to do ?
ban gays and lesbians from working in public schools
ban gays and lesbians and their supporters from working in California public schools .

What does White want to prevent from opening in his district ?
a psychiatric hospital
A psychiatric hospital

What is the name of Anita Bryant s organization ?
Save Our Children
Save Our Children in the Dade County Florida

How does White get a gun into City Hall ?
by sneaking in the basement window
basement window

What does Milk believe about White ?
that he may be a closeted gay man
That he was a closted gay man

