At the beginnng of the story , why are Alex Browning and his classsmates going to Paris ?
It is their senior class trip .
Senior trip

Who is Valerie Lewton ?
A high school teacher .
Their teacher .

Why is Alex , along with several others , removed from the plane which is flying to Paris ?
Alex is removed from the plane for fighting with his rival , Carter Horton .
For arguing with Carter

When is a memorial service held for the plane crash victims ?
A memorial service for the victims is held thirty-nine days after the plane crash .
39 days after the crash

How is Valerie Lewton killed ?
She is impaled by a kitchen knife and then her house explodes .
Impaled by knife and house exploding

Who is William Bludworth ?
Bludworth is a mortician .
A mortician

In what order are the survivors dying ?
In the order they were meant to die had they been on the plane .
In the order they were supposed to die on the plane .

What does Carter do when he learns he is next of Death s list ?
He parks his car on the railroad tracks so he can die under his own terms .
parks his car on the railroad tracks

What do Alex , Clear , and Carter do to celebrate their survival from Death ?
Six months later , they travel to Paris .
They go to Paris

What is Alex s premontion at the airport ?
That the plane will have an engine failure and explode in air killing everyone on board .
the plane will explode

Why did Alex Browning and his classmates board Volee Airlines flight 180 ?
For their senior trip to Paris , France .
Senior class trip to Paris .

What was Alex s premonition ?
That the plane will undergo engine failure , which will cause the entire plane to explode and kill all passengers .
That the plane will explode in midair .

Who is the only person who believed Alex s vision ?
Clear Rivers
Clear

How did Tod Waggner die ?
He got strangled in his bathtub off of a chain reaction .
He was strangled in his bathtub

What did Alex realize after watching a news report about the plane explosion ?
That the people who survived are dying in the order they were supposed to die in that plane .
THOSE WHO LIVED ARE NOW DIEING IN THE ORDER OF WHERE THEY WAS LOCATED IN THE PLAIN

What killed Ms. Lewton ?
A falling kitchen knife and eventually the explosion of her house .
After being impaled by a knife , her house explodes

What did Carter Horton do to try to die in his own terms ?
He parked his car on the railroad tracks .
KILL HIMSELF VIA CAR AND TRAIN COLLISION

While hiding out in the cabin , what did Alex recall ?
That since he switched seats with two girls in his vision , it s Clear who s next to die .
CHANGED SEATS ON THE PLANE

What did Alex , Clear , and Carter do in Paris ?
They celebrated their survival .
CELEBRATE BEING ALIVE

Who was supposed to die next as the story ends ?
Alex Browning .
Carter

What grade is Alex Browning in ?
Senior in high school .
12th

Where does William Bludworth work ?
At a funeral home .
The funeral home .

How does Terry Chaney die ?
By a speeding bus .
HIT BY A BUS

Who did Alex switch seats with on the plane ?
Two girls .
Two girls .

Why does Alex think Death skipped Carter ?
Because Alex intervened by saving Carter s life .
Because he intervened

Who were the three people alive at the end of the story ?
Alex Browning , Clear Rivers , and Carter Horton .
Alex , Clear and Carter

Who was investigating the explosion and Alex s premonition ?
The FBI .
the FBI

Who was the only person that believed Alex s premonition before the plane exploded ?
Clear Rivers .
Clear Rivers

Whose death was considered a suicide ?
Tod Waggners .
Tod s

Who survived the plane crash that was actually on the plane when it exploded ?
There were no survivors on the plane .
Alex , Carter , Tod , Terry , Valerie , Billy and Clear

