Why was Larry fired from the big box store ?
He lacked a college education .
a lack of college education

When Larry could no longer drive his SUV , what did he buy to travel to school ?
A scooter .
A scooter .

How does Mercedes husband , Dean , actually spend his days ?
Watching porn on the internet .
looking at internet porn

What class does Dr. Ed Matsutani teach ?
Economics
ecoomics

Whom did Mercedes believe Larry was in a relationship with ?
Talia
Talia .

After a terrible fight with her husband , where did Larry and his scooter gang find Mercedes ?
A bus stop .
a bus stop

Why did Frances come over to offer emotional support to Mercedes ?
She was divorcing Dean .
Mercedes divorced Dean .

What service did Larry once work for ?
The U.S. Navy
Navey

What job did Larry take to make ends meet while in college ?
He cooked for a diner .
a cook at a diner

When Larry left Mercedes a note , what kind of note was it ?
Invitation to dinner .
invitation to dinner

What causes Larry to enroll in college as a retired middle aged Navy veteran ?
He loses his job due to a lack of education
He loses his job due to no college education .

What classes does Larry take in college ?
speech and economics
Speech and Economics

Who helps Larry by getting him friends , with his home decor , grooming and in getting a job ?
Talia
Talia

Why does Larry turn Mercedes down for sex when he takes her home from the bus stop ?
She had been drinking and he was n't taking advantage of her in that state
Because she is drunk and he does n't want to take advantage of her .

What does Dean do for a living ?
He is a blogger ... he basically just spends the day surfing porn
Writer

What wrong impression of Larry and Talia does Mercedes have ?
that they are dating
That the two are dating

Why is Talia dropping out of school ?
to start a thrift store
to start a thrift store

What does Larry do for a final exam in his speech class ?
He tells stories about his travels with the Navy
Tells of his travels around the world while he was in the Navy .

What grade does Mercedes give Larry on his final exam ?
She gives him an A-
A+

What surprise does Mercedes find on her door at the end of the story ?
a note from Larry asking her to dinner and his new address on it
A dinner invitation from Larry .

Why does Larry enroll in community college ?
His neighbor Lamar tells him he should .
to get a college education

Who gives Larry a makeover ?
Talia
Talia

Which one of Larry s professors does Larry end up dating ?
His old speech teacher Mercedes .
His speech professor Mercedes .

When does Mercedes find out that Larry is not dating Talia ?
When she sees Talia talking to Frances .
When she runs into Talia when Talia is explaining that she will be dropping out of school

What was Larry s career before going to college and after he was in the Navy ?
He worked at a large store .
Box store employee

Why does Mercedes finally leave Dean ?
Dean gets drunk and leaves her then goes to jail .
He was arrested for drunk driving .

What was the topic for Larry s speech final ?
His travels while in the Navy
His travels around the world while in the Navy .

Who is Larry s economics teacher ?
Dr. Matsutani
Dr. Ed Matsutani

How does Larry ask Mercedes out ?
He gives her an invite to eat and his address .
Note on her car

How does Larry get a job at the restaurant ?
His friend manages it
Frank offers him the job since he had been a Navy cook .

