What does the unnamed Narrator do for a living ?
The Narrator is a traveling automobile recall specialist .
automobile recall specialist

In the story , the unnamed Narrator visits a support group , who is the support group for ?
Testicular Cancer victims .
Testicular cancer victims

After discussing how to avoid attending the same groups , what does Marla give the Narrator upon going their separate ways ?
Marla gives the Narrator her phone number .
Her phone number .

Who does the Narrator meet during his flight home from his business trip ?
The Narrator meets Tyler Durden .
Tyler

What type of salesman is Tyler Durden ?
A soap salesman .
Soap

What conversation topic influenced the Narrator to move into Tyler s mansion ?
Consumerism .
Consumerism .

How is the fight club initially formed ?
The club is formed by the Narrator and Tyler getting into fist fights outside of a bar on a regular basis that ends up attracting a regular crowd .
Tyler requested the Narrator to hit him .

In the story , who answers Marla s call for help when the Narrator ignores it ?
Tyler .
Tyler

What does Tyler reveal to the Narrator when the Narrator sees him in his hotel room ?
That Tyler and the Narrator are disassociated personalities in the same body .
they are 2 personalities in one body

How did the Narrator only kill Tyler and avoid killing himself ?
The Narrator only shoots himself through his cheek .
Shooting himself in the cheek,

Who have problem falling asleep ?
The narrator
The Narrator .

What was Narrator addicted to ?
He was addicted to partcipitating in support group .
Participation in support groups .

Who did Narrator met at support group ?
Marla Singer
marla singer

Who became Marla Singer sexual partner ?
Tyler
tyler

What club Tyler formed ?
Fight Club
Project Mayhem .

Where did Tyler met Narrator ?
On a flight
on a flight home from a business trip

What did Tyler review to Narrator ?
Tyler and Narrator are thesame person .
They are dissociated personalities in the same body .

What was Tyler plan to erase his debt ?
Tyler wanted to blow up credit card company building
destroy the buildings that have credit card records

Who shot Narrator ?
Himself
He shot himself .

What happened when the building collapsed ?
Narrator and Marla were holding hand
The Narrator and Marla look on .

What is the name given to the organization of fight clubs ?
Project Mayhem .
project mayhem

What illness is it revealed that the narrator is suffering from ?
Insomnia .
split personalities

What is Tyler Durden s occupation ?
Soap Salesman .
Soap salesman .

What is the name of the woman who , like the narrator , is also an imposter at support groups ?
Marla Singer
marla singer

What was Tyler s plan to erase debt ?
Destroying buildings that contain credit card companies ' records .
To blow up buildings with his credit card records .

What type of club do Tyler and the narrator form that begin forming across the country ?
A fight club .
A fight club .

What is the first support group that the narrator attends in the story ?
A support group for testicular cancer victims .
Testicular cancer victims

What is the narrator s occupation in the story ?
A traveling automobile recall specialist .
He is an auto recall specialist .

How does the narrator kill Tyler ?
He fires a gun through his cheek .
shoots himself in the mouth .

What character is actually a disassociated personality within the narrator ?
Tyler Durden .
Tyler .

