The film opens during the recording of Jim s An American Prayer and quickly moves to a childhood memory of his family driving along a desert highway in 1949 , where a young Jim sees an elderly Native American dying by the roadside . In 1965 , Jim arrives in California and is assimilated into the Venice Beach culture . During his film school days studying at UCLA , he meets his future girlfriend Pamela Courson , and has his first encounters with Ray Manzarek , as well as the rest of the people who would go on to form the Doors , Robby Krieger and John Densmore . Jim convinces his bandmates to travel to Death Valley and experience the effects of psychedelic drugs . Returning to Los Angeles , they play several shows at the famous nightclub Whisky a Go Go and develop a rabid fan base . Jim s onstage antics and occasionally improvised lyrics raise the ire of club owners ; however , the band s popularity continues to expand . As the Doors become hugely successful , Jim becomes increasingly infatuated with his own image as The Lizard King and degenerates into alcoholism and drugs . Jim meets Patricia Kennealy , a rock journalist involved in witchcraft , and participates with her in mystical ceremonies . He joins her in a handfasting ceremony . An elder spirit watches these events . The rest of the band grows weary of Jim s missed recording sessions and absences at concerts . Jim arrives late to a Miami , Florida concert , becoming increasingly confrontational towards the audience and allegedly exposing himself onstage . The incident is a low point for the band , resulting in criminal charges against Jim , cancellations of shows , breakdowns in Jim s personal relationships , and resentment from the other band members . In 1970 after a lengthy trial , Jim is found guilty of indecent exposure and ordered to serve time in prison , he is however allowed to remain free on bail pending the results of an appeal . Patricia tells Jim that she is pregnant with his child but Jim convinces her to have an abortion . Jim visits his fellow Doors members one final time , attending a party thrown by Ray where he wishes the band luck in their future endeavors and gives them all a copy of An American Prayer . As Jim plays in the front garden with the children , he sees that one of the children is his childhood self . Jim comments This is the strangest life I ve ever known . In 1971 , Pam finds Jim dead in a bathtub in Paris , France , at the age of 27 . Pam dies three years later of a drug overdose , also at the age of 27 . The final scenes of the film before the credits roll are of Jim s gravesite in PĂ¨re Lachaise Cemetery in Paris while A Feast of Friends plays in the background . Just before the credits , the screen whites out and text appears saying Jim Morrison is said to have died of heart failure . He was 27 . Pam joined him three years later . During the credits , the band is shown recording the song L.A. Woman in the studio .