Chance ( Peter Sellers ) is a middle-aged man who lives in the townhouse of an old , wealthy man in Washington , D.C . He is simple-minded and has lived there his whole life , tending the garden . Other than gardening , his knowledge is derived entirely from what he sees on television . When his benefactor dies , Chance naively says to the estate attorney that he has no claim against the estate , and is ordered to move out . Thus he discovers the outside world for the first time . Chance wanders aimlessly . He passes by a TV shop and sees himself captured by a camera in the shop window . Entranced , he steps backward off the sidewalk and is struck by a chauffeured car owned by Ben Rand ( Melvyn Douglas ) , an elderly business mogul . In the back seat of the car sits Rand s much younger wife , Eve ( Shirley MacLaine ) . Eve brings Chance to their home to recover . Drinking alcohol for the first time during the car ride home , Chance coughs as he tells Eve his name . Eve mishears Chance , the gardener as Chauncey Gardiner . Chauncey is wearing expensive tailored clothes from the 1920s and 30s , which his benefactor had allowed him to take from the attic , and his manners are old-fashioned and courtly . When Ben Rand meets him , he assumes from these signs that Chauncey is an upper-class , highly educated businessman . Chauncey s simple words , spoken often due to confusion or to a stating of the obvious , are repeatedly misunderstood as profound ; in particular , his simplistic utterances about gardens and the weather are interpreted as allegorical statements about business and the state of the economy . Rand admires him , finding him direct and insightful . Rand is also a confidant and adviser to the President of the United States ( Jack Warden ) , whom he introduces to Chauncey . The President likewise interprets Chauncey s remarks about the garden as economic and political advice . Chance , as Chauncey Gardiner , quickly rises to national public prominence . After his appearance on a television talk show , he becomes a celebrity and soon rises to the top of Washington society . He remains very mysterious , as the Secret Service is unable to find any background information about him . Public opinion polls start to reflect just how much his simple brand of wisdom resonates with the jaded American public . Rand , who is dying of aplastic anemia , encourages Eve to become close to Chauncey . She is already attracted to him and makes a sexual advance . Chauncey has no interest in or knowledge of sex , but mimics a kissing scene from the 1968 film The Thomas Crown Affair , which happens to be on the TV at the moment . When the TV scene ends , Chauncey stops suddenly and Eve is confused . She asks what he likes , meaning sexually ; he replies I like to watch , meaning television . She is momentarily taken aback , but decides she is willing to masturbate for his voyeuristic pleasure . As she becomes involved in the act , she does not notice that he has turned back to the TV and is watching it , not her . Chauncey is present at Rand s death , after which he talks briefly with Rand s physician , Dr. Allenby . During their conversation , Allenby realizes the truth – that Chauncey is merely a simpleminded gardener who knows nothing of finance or politics – but does not appear bothered by it . At Rand s funeral , while the President delivers a speech , the pall-bearers hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next term of office . As Rand s coffin is about to be interred in the family mausoleum , they unanimously agree on Chauncey Gardiner . Oblivious to all this , Chauncey wanders through Rand s wintry estate . He straightens out a pine sapling and then walks off across the surface of a small lake . He pauses , dips his umbrella into the deep water under his feet as if testing its depth , turns , and then continues to walk on the water as the President quotes Rand : Life is a state of mind .