Mountaineer and adventurer Aron Ralston ( James Franco ) drives to Utah s Canyonlands National Park for a day of hiking . On foot , he befriends hikers Kristi ( Kate Mara ) and Megan ( Amber Tamblyn ) , and shows them an underground pool . After swimming , Aron parts ways with the hikers , and continues his hike through a slot canyon in Blue John Canyon . While climbing down , he slips and falls , knocking loose a boulder which flattens his right hand and wrist against the wall . Unable to move the boulder , he tries calling for help but realizes that he is alone . He begins recording a video diary to maintain morale , and uses his pocket knife , with his left hand , to chip away parts of the boulder in order to free his trapped arm . He rations his food and water , in order to survive the ordeal . After many hours of chipping away at the boulder , he realizes he is not getting any closer to freeing himself . He sets up a pulley system using his climbing rope to try and lift the boulder , to futile attempt . Days after being trapped , Ralston considers using his pocket knife to cut himself free , but finds the dull blade unable to cut bone . With no water , he is forced to drink his own urine . His vlogs then becomes desperate and depressed . He hallucinates about escape , relationships , and past experiences , including a former lover ( ClĂŠmence PoĂŠsy ) , family ( Lizzy Caplan , Treat Williams , Kate Burton ) , and the hikers he met earlier . He starts seeing the boulder that has trapped him as his destiny . Ralston realizes that by his knowledge of applying torque , he can break the radius and ulna , letting him amputate his arm in order to escape . He fashions a crude tourniquet out of CamelBak tube insulation , uses a carabiner to tighten it , and cuts tissue soon to his success . He wraps the stump of his arm to prevent exsanguination and takes a picture of the boulder . He then rappels down a 65-foot rockface using his other arm , and drinks rainwater from a small pond in the hot midday sun . During his miles-long hike for help , he stops to admire the Great Gallery at the Horseshoe Canyon ( Utah ) . He meets a family on a day hike , who alert the authorities to Ralston s presence , and a Utah Highway Patrol helicopter is dispatched . Ralston is taken to a hospital where he recovers , and is fitted with a prosthesis , and continues his hobbies of climbing canyons and mountains , along with starting a family of his own .