In the winter of 1987 , Minneapolis car salesman Jerry Lundegaard ( Macy ) is desperate for money ; repayment is due on a large GMAC loan that he fraudulently collateralized with nonexistent dealership vehicles . Dealership mechanic Shep Proudfoot ( Steve Reevis ) , an ex-convict , refers him to an old partner in crime , Gaear Grimsrud ( Stormare ) . Jerry travels to Fargo , North Dakota , where he hires Gaear and Carl Showalter ( Buscemi ) to kidnap his wife , Jean ( Kristin Rudr端d ) , and extort a ransom from his wealthy father-in-law and boss , Wade Gustafson ( Presnell ) . He gives the men a new car from his dealership s lot , and promises to split the $ 80,000 ransom with them . Back in Minneapolis , Jerry pitches Gustafson a lucrative real estate deal ; when Gustafson agrees to front the money , Jerry attempts to call off the kidnapping , but it is already in motion . Then , he learns that Gustafson plans to make the deal himself , leaving Jerry a paltry finder s fee . Carl and Gaear kidnap Jean in Minneapolis as planned . While transporting her to their remote cabin hideout , a state trooper pulls them over outside Brainerd , Minnesota for driving without the required temporary tags over the dealership plates . After Carl tries and fails to bribe the trooper , Gaear kills him . When two passing eyewitnesses spot Carl disposing of the body , Gaear kills them as well . The following morning , Brainerd police chief Marge Gunderson ( McDormand ) , who is seven months pregnant , initiates a homicide investigation . Records from the murdered trooper s last traffic stop , along with a phone call to Proudfoot , placed at a local truck stop by two suspicious men , lead her to Jerry s dealership , where she questions Jerry and Proudfoot . While in Minneapolis , Marge reconnects with Mike Yanagita ( Steve Park ) , an old classmate who takes her to dinner , tells her that his wife , another classmate , has died , and attempts to seduce her . Jerry informs Gustafson and his accountant , Stan Grossman ( Larry Brandenburg ) , that the kidnappers have demanded $ 1 million , and will deal only through him . Meanwhile , Carl , in light of the unanticipated complication of three murders , demands that Jerry hand over the entire ransom ( which he still believes is $ 80,000 ) ; and GMAC gives Jerry 24 hours to repay their loan or face legal consequences . When the time comes for the money drop , Gustafson decides to deal with the kidnappers himself . At the pre-arranged drop point in a parking garage , he refuses to hand over the cash-filled briefcase to Carl until his daughter is returned . Carl kills Gustafson , takes the briefcase , and flees , but not before taking a bullet in the jaw from Gustafson . When he opens the briefcase , Carl is astounded to discover far more than the anticipated $ 80,000 . He removes that amount to split with Gaear , then stashes the rest , intending to return for it later and keep it for himself . At the hideout , he discovers that Gaear has killed Jean . After a heated argument over who gets the new car that Jerry gave them , Gaear kills Carl as well . During a phone conversation with a mutual friend , Marge learns that Yanagita s dead wife was never his wife , nor is she dead , and that Yanagita is the perpetrator behind a long series of anonymous harassments . Reflecting on Yanagita s treachery and convincing lies , Marge returns to the car dealership and re-questions Jerry , who refuses to cooperate . When she asks to speak to Gustafson , Jerry panics and flees the dealership . After returning to Brainerd , Marge drives to Moose Lake , where she recognizes the dealership car from the dead trooper s description . She finds Gaear feeding the last of Carl s body into a wood chipper . He tries to escape , but Marge shoots him in the leg and arrests him . Meanwhile , North Dakota police track Jerry to a motel outside Bismarck , where he is arrested while attempting to escape through a bathroom window . That night , Marge and her husband , Norm ( John Carroll Lynch ) , discuss Norm s mallard painting , which has been selected as the design for a US postage stamp . Marge is very proud of his achievement , and the two happily anticipate the birth of their child .