Approximately 30 years after the destruction of the second Death Star , the last remaining Jedi , Luke Skywalker , has disappeared . The First Order has risen from the fallen Galactic Empire and seeks to eliminate the New Republic . The Resistance , backed by the Republic and led by Luke s twin sister , General Leia Organa , opposes them while searching for Luke to enlist his aid . Resistance pilot Poe Dameron meets village elder Lor San Tekka on the planet Jakku to obtain a map to Luke s location . Stormtroopers commanded by Kylo Ren destroy the village and capture Poe , while Ren kills Tekka . Poe s droid , BB-8 escapes with the map , and encounters a scavenger named Rey near a junkyard settlement . Ren tortures Poe using the Force , and learns of BB-8 . Stormtrooper FN-2187 , unable to bring himself to kill for the First Order , frees Poe , and they escape in a stolen TIE fighter ; Poe dubs FN-2187 Finn . They crash on Jakku , and Finn survives , but is unable to determine if Poe did as well . He encounters Rey and BB-8 , but the First Order tracks them and launches an airstrike . Finn , Rey , and BB-8 flee the planet in the Millennium Falcon , which they steal from a junkyard . After breaking down , the Falcon is caught in a tractor beam and captured by a larger ship piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca , looking to reclaim their former vessel . Two rival gangs , seeking to settle debts with Han , board and attack , but Han and his allies flee in the Falcon . The gangs inform the First Order of the events . At the First Order s Starkiller Base – a planet converted into a superweapon that harnesses energy from stars – Supreme Leader Snoke orders General Hux to use the weapon for the first time . Snoke questions Ren s ability to deal with emotions relating to his father , Han Solo ; Ren says Solo means nothing to him . The Falcon crew views BB-8 s map and determines it is incomplete . Han explains that Luke attempted to rebuild the Jedi Order , but exiled himself when an apprentice turned to the dark side and slaughtered the rising Order . The crew travels to the planet Takodana and meets with cantina owner Maz Kanata , who offers assistance in getting BB-8 to the Resistance . Rey is drawn to a vault on the lower level and finds the lightsaber that once belonged to Luke and his father , Anakin Skywalker . She experiences disturbing visions and flees into the woods . Maz gives Finn the lightsaber for safekeeping . Starkiller Base fires and destroys the Republic capital and a portion of its fleet . The First Order attacks Takodana in search of BB-8 . Han , Chewbacca , and Finn are saved by Resistance X-wing fighters led by Poe , who survived the earlier crash . Leia arrives at Takodana with C-3PO and reunites with Han and Chewbacca . Meanwhile , Ren captures Rey and takes her to Starkiller Base . However , when he interrogates her about the map , she is able to resist his mind-reading attempts . Discovering she can use the Force , she escapes using a Jedi mind trick on a nearby guard . At the Resistance base on D'Qar , BB-8 finds R2-D2 , who has been inactive since Luke s disappearance . As Starkiller Base prepares to fire on D'Qar , the Resistance devises a plan to destroy the superweapon by attacking a critical facility . Leia urges Han to return their son alive . Using the Falcon , Han , Chewbacca , and Finn infiltrate the facility , find Rey , and plant explosives . Han confronts Ren , calling him by his birth name , Ben , and implores him to abandon the dark side . Ren refuses and kills his father , enraging Chewbacca , who fires and hits Ren . He sets off the explosives , allowing the Resistance to attack and destroy Starkiller Base . The injured Ren pursues Finn and Rey to the surface . A lightsaber battle between Ren and Finn ensues , leaving Finn badly wounded . Rey takes the lightsaber and uses the Force to defeat Ren , before they are separated by a fissure as the planet begins to disintegrate and implode . Snoke orders Hux to evacuate and bring Ren to him . Rey and Chewbacca escape with Finn in the Falcon . On D'Qar , the Resistance celebrates while Leia , Chewbacca , and Rey mourn Han s death . R2-D2 awakens and reveals the rest of the map , which Rey follows to the aquatic planet Ahch-To . She finds Luke and presents him with the lightsaber .