After the Huns , led by the ruthless Shan Yu , invade Han China , the Chinese emperor begins to command a general mobilization . Each family is given a conscription notice , requiring one man from each family to join the Chinese army . When Fa Mulan hears that her elderly father Fa Zhou , the only man in their family , is once more to go to war , she becomes anxious and apprehensive . She decides to deal with this herself by disguising herself as a man so that she can go to war instead of her father . When her family learns of Mulan s departure , they all become anxious . Grandmother Fa , Mulan s grandmother , prays to the family ancestors for Mulan s safety . The ancestors then order their Great Stone Dragon to protect Mulan . The ancestors are unaware that the statue of Great Stone Dragon failed to come to life , and that Mushu , a small dragon , is the one sent to protect Mulan . Mulan is misguided by Mushu in how to behave like a man , which starts a ruckus at the training camp . However , under command of Li Shang , she and her new co-workers at the camp , Yao , Ling and Chien-Po , become skilled warriors . Mushu , desiring to see Mulan succeed , creates a fake order from Shang s father , General Li , ordering Shang to follow them into the mountains . The troops set out to meet General Li , but arrive at a burnt-out encampment and discover that General Li and his troops have all been killed by the Huns . As they solemnly leave the mountains , they are ambushed by the Huns , but Mulan cleverly uses a cannon to create an avalanche which buries most of the Huns . An enraged Shan Yu slashes her in the chest , and her deception is revealed when the wound is bandaged . Instead of executing Mulan as the law requires , Shang relents and decides to spare her life for saving him , but expels her from the army , stranding her on the mountain as the rest of the army departs for the Imperial City to report the news of the Huns ' demise . However it is revealed that several Hun warriors including Shan Yu survive the avalanche , and Mulan catches sight of them as they make their way to the City , intent on capturing the Emperor . At the Imperial City , Mulan is unable to convince Shang about Shan Yu s intentions . The Huns appear to capture the Emperor , then they lock up the palace . With Mulan s help , Yao , Ling , and Chien-Po pose as concubines and are able to enter the palace and , with the help of Shang , they defeat Shan Yu s men . As Shang prevents Shan Yu from assassinating the Emperor , Mulan lures the boss Hun onto the roof where she engages him in solo combat . Meanwhile , acting on Mulan s instructions , Mushu fires a bundle of fireworks rockets at Shan Yu on her signal . The fireworks strike Shan Yu and explode , killing him . Mulan is praised by the Emperor and the people of China , who all bow to her as an unprecedented honor . While she accepts the Emperor s crest and Shan Yu s sword as gifts , she politely declines his offer to be his advisor and asks to return to her family . She returns home and presents these gifts to her father , but he is more overjoyed to have Mulan back safely . Having become enamored with Mulan , Shang soon arrives under the guise of returning her helmet , but accepts the family s invitation for dinner . Mushu is granted a position as a Fa family guardian by the ancestors amid a returning celebration .