Ellen Ripley is rescued after drifting through space in stasis for 57 years . She is debriefed by her employers at the Weyland-Yutani Corporation over the destruction of her ship , the USCSS Nostromo ; they are skeptical of her claims that an Alien killed the ship s crew and forced her to destroy the ship . The exomoon LV-426 , where the Nostromo encountered the alien eggs , is now home to the terraforming colony Hadleys Hope . When contact is lost with Hadleys Hope , Weyland-Yutani representative Carter Burke and Colonial Marine Lieutenant Gorman ask Ripley to accompany Burke and a Colonial Marine unit to investigate the disturbance . Traumatized by her encounter with the Alien , Ripley initially refuses , but she relents after experiencing recurring nightmares about the creature ; she makes Burke promise to destroy , and not capture , the Aliens . Aboard the spaceship USS Sulaco , she is introduced to the Colonial Marines , their commanding officer Lieutenant Gorman , and the android Bishop , toward whom Ripley is initially hostile following her experience with the traitorous android Ash aboard the Nostromo . A dropship delivers the expedition to the surface of LV-426 , where they find the colony deserted . Inside , they find makeshift barricades and signs of a struggle , but no bodies ; two live facehuggers in containment tanks in the medical lab ; and a survivor , a traumatized young girl nicknamed Newt who used the ventilation system to evade capture or death . The crew uses the colony s computer to locate the colonists grouped beneath the fusion powered atmosphere processing station . They head to the location , descending into corridors covered in Alien secretions . At the center of the station , the marines find the colonists cocooned , serving as incubators for the Aliens ' offspring . When the marines kill a newborn Alien , the Aliens are roused and ambush the marines , killing and capturing several . When the inexperienced Gorman panics , Ripley takes control of their vehicle and rams it through the nest to rescue marines Hicks , Hudson , and Vasquez . Hicks orders the dropship to recover the survivors , but a stowaway Alien kills the pilots , causing it to crash into the station . Ripley , Newt , Gorman , Burke and the remaining marines barricade themselves inside the colony command center . Ripley discovers that Burke deliberately sent the colonists to investigate the derelict spaceship where the Nostromo crew first encountered the Alien eggs , believing he could become wealthy by recovering Alien specimens for use as biological weapons . She threatens to expose him , but Bishop informs the group of a greater danger : the power plant was damaged by the dropship crash , and will soon explode with the force of a 40-megaton thermonuclear weapon . He volunteers to crawl through several hundred meters of piping conduits to reach the colony s transmitter and remotely pilot the Sulaco s remaining dropship to the surface . Ripley and Newt fall asleep in the medical laboratory , awakening to find themselves locked in the room with the two facehuggers , which have been released from their tanks . Ripley triggers a fire alarm to alert the marines , who rescue them and kill the creatures . Ripley accuses Burke of releasing the facehuggers so that they would impregnate her and Newt , allowing him to smuggle the Alien embryos past Earth s quarantine , and of planning to kill the rest of the marines in hypersleep during the return trip so that no one could contradict his version of events . Before the marines can kill Burke , the electricity is cut and Aliens assault through the ceiling . Hudson , Burke , Vasquez and Gorman are all killed and Newt is captured . Ripley and an injured Hicks reach Bishop in the second dropship , but Ripley refuses to abandon Newt . The group arrives at the processing station , allowing a heavily armed Ripley to enter the hive and rescue Newt . As they escape , the two encounter the Alien queen in her egg chamber . Ripley destroys the eggs , enraging the queen , who tears free from her ovipositor . Pursued by the queen , Ripley and Newt rendezvous with Bishop and Hicks on the dropship . All four escape moments before the station explodes with the colony consumed by the nuclear blast . On the Sulaco , Ripley and Bishop s relief at their escape is interrupted when the Alien queen , stowed away on the dropship s landing gear , emerges and tears Bishop in half . The queen advances on Newt , but Ripley clashes with her using an exosuit cargo-loader and expels it through an airlock into space . Ripley , Newt , Hicks and the badly damaged Bishop enter hypersleep for the return trip to Earth .