Following the end of the 1990–91 Gulf War , U.S. soldiers are sent over to clean up loose ends . The soldiers are bored over the lack of violence and as a result throw parties at night . Major Archie Gates ( George Clooney ) , a U.S. Army Special Forces soldier , is trading sex for stories with a journalist , Cathy Daitch ( Judy Greer ) when he is interrupted by Adriana Cruz ( Nora Dunn ) , the television reporter he is assigned to escort . While disarming and searching an Iraqi officer , U.S. Army Reserve Sergeant First Class Troy Barlow ( Mark Wahlberg ) , his best friend Private First Class Conrad Vig ( Spike Jonze ) , and their unit find a map between his buttocks . Troy goes to Staff Sergeant Chief Elgin ( Ice Cube ) to help translate the map . Major Gates appears , after tracking down a lead from Adriana . Archie convinces them that the document is a map of bunkers near Karbala , containing gold bullion stolen from Kuwait , which they decide to steal . To keep Adriana off his back , Gates sends Specialist Walter Wogeman ( Jamie Kennedy ) to aid her on a false lead . They set off the next day and , among other goods plundered from Kuwait , find the gold , and stumble on the interrogation of Amir Abdullah ( Cliff Curtis ) . As they are leaving , Amir s wife pleads with them not to abandon the anti-Saddam dissidents , but she is executed by the Iraqi Republican Guard . The group decides to free the Iraqi prisoners , triggering a firefight . They pull out just as Iraqi reinforcements arrive , and as they try to evade a CS gas attack , they blunder into a minefield and get separated . Iraqi soldiers capture Troy while a group of rebels rescue the other Americans and take them to their underground hideout . There , Conrad , Chief and Archie agree to help the rebels and their families reach the Iranian border , after they rescue Troy . Troy gets taken back to the bunker , and is thrown in a room full of Kuwaiti cell phones . He manages to call his wife back home and tells her to report his location to his local Army Reserve unit . His call is cut short when he is dragged to an interrogation room where he is interrogated by Iraqi Captain Saïd ( Saïd Taghmaoui ) . The Americans with the rebels go to a band of Iraqi Army deserters , who are persuaded to sell them luxury cars stolen from Kuwait . The cars are outfitted as Saddam s entourage , in a ruse to scare away the bunker s defenders . After storming the bunker , they free Troy , who spares Saïd , and find more Shi'ite dissidents held in a dungeon . A few of the soldiers who ran away return , who shoot Conrad and Troy . Conrad dies , and Troy s lung is punctured , but he survives . Archie radios Walter and Adriana and arranges transport , while the hapless officers in the camp try to locate the trio after getting the message from Troy s wife . Each of the rebels is given a bar of gold and the rest is buried as they wait for the transport to arrive . The convoy goes to the Iranian border , where the three Americans will escort the rebels across to protect them from the Iraqi soldiers guarding the crossing . But the American officers arrive and stop the group , arresting the trio while the rebels are recaptured . Archie proffers the buried gold to the American officers in exchange for letting the refugees through . All of the soldiers are cleared of the charges , thanks to Adriana s reporting . Archie goes to work as a military adviser to Hollywood action films , Chief leaves his airport job to work with Archie , and Troy returns to his wife and baby , running his own carpet store . The stolen gold was returned to Kuwait ; however , it is implied that some of the gold was missing .