In an African desert millions of years ago , a tribe of man-apes faces starvation and competition for a water hole by a rival tribe . They awaken to find a featureless black monolith has appeared before them . Guided in some fashion by the Black Monolith , one man-ape realizes how to use a bone as a tool and weapon ; the tribe learns to hunt for food , and kills the leader of their rivals , reclaiming the water hole . Millions of years later , a Pan Am space plane carries Dr. Heywood Floyd to a space station orbiting Earth for a layover on his trip to Clavius Base , a United States outpost on the moon . After a videophone call with his daughter , Floyd s Soviet scientist friend and her colleague ask about rumors of a mysterious epidemic at Clavius . Floyd declines to answer . At Clavius , Floyd heads a meeting of base personnel , apologizing for the epidemic cover story but stressing secrecy . His mission is to investigate a recently found artifact buried four million years ago . Floyd and others ride in a Moonbus to the artifact , which is a monolith identical to the one encountered by the man-apes . Sunlight strikes the monolith and a loud high-pitched radio signal is heard . Eighteen months later , the United States spacecraft Discovery One is bound for Jupiter . On board are mission pilots and scientists Dr. David Bowman and Dr. Frank Poole along with three other scientists in cryogenic hibernation . Most of Discovery s operations are controlled by the ship s computer , HAL 9000 , referred to by the crew as Hal . Bowman and Poole watch Hal and themselves being interviewed on a BBC show about the mission , in which the computer states that he is foolproof and incapable of error . When asked by the host if Hal has genuine emotions , Bowman replies that he appears to , but that the truth is unknown . Later , when Bowman questions Hal on the purpose of the mission , Hal responds by reporting the imminent failure of an antenna control device . The astronauts retrieve the component making use of an EVA pod but find nothing wrong with it . Hal suggests reinstalling the part and letting it fail so the problem can be found . Mission Control advises the astronauts that results from their twin HAL 9000 indicate that Hal is in error . Hal insists that the problem , like previous issues ascribed to HAL series units , is due to human error . Concerned about Hal s behavior , Bowman and Poole enter an EVA pod to talk without Hal overhearing , and agree to disconnect Hal if he is proven wrong . Hal secretly follows their conversation by lip reading . While Poole is on a space walk outside his EVA pod attempting to replace the unit , Hal takes control of the pod and attacks Poole , severing his oxygen hose and setting him adrift . Bowman takes another pod to attempt rescue . Meanwhile , Hal turns off the life support functions of the crewmen in suspended animation . When Bowman returns to the ship with Poole s body , Hal refuses to let him in , stating that the astronauts ' plan to deactivate him jeopardizes the mission . Bowman opens the ship s emergency airlock manually , enters the ship , and proceeds to Hal s processor core . Hal tries to reassure Bowman , then pleads with him to stop , and finally expresses fear . As Bowman deactivates the circuits controlling HAL s higher intellectual functions , HAL regresses to his earliest programmed memory , the song Daisy Bell , which he sings for Bowman . When Hal is finally disconnected , a prerecorded video message from Floyd reveals the existence of the monolith on the moon , its purpose and origin unknown . With the exception of one short but extremely powerful radio emission aimed at Jupiter , the object has been inert . At Jupiter , Bowman leaves Discovery One in an EVA pod to investigate another monolith discovered in orbit around the planet . The pod is pulled into a vortex of colored light , and Bowman races across vast distances of space , viewing bizarre cosmological phenomena and strange landscapes of unusual colors . Bowman later finds himself , still in the pod , in a bedroom appointed in the neoclassical style . He sees older versions of himself , his point of view switching each time , first standing in the bedroom , middle-aged and still in his spacesuit , then dressed in leisure attire and eating dinner , and finally as an old man lying in the bed . A black monolith appears at the foot of the bed , and as Bowman reaches for it , he is transformed into a fetus enclosed in a transparent orb of light . The film ends as the new being floats in space beside the Earth , gazing at it .