In 2379 , two hundred years after the events of Alien 3 , military scientists on the space vessel USM Auriga create a clone of Ellen Ripley using DNA from blood samples taken before her death . The Alien queen s DNA was mixed in with Ripley s , and the clone grows up with an embryo inside it . The scientists extract the embryo , raise it and collect its eggs . The Ripley clone is kept alive for further study . As a result of the alien s DNA inside her , she develops enhanced strength and reflexes , has acidic blood and a psychic link with the Aliens . Also , the alien s genetic memory allows the clone to have some of Ripley s memories . A group of mercenaries , Elgyn , Johner , Christie , Vriess , Hillard and Call , arrive at Auriga on their ship Betty . They deliver several kidnapped humans in stasis . The military scientists use the humans as hosts for the Aliens , raising several adult Aliens for study . The Betty crew soon encounters Ripley . Call recognizes her name and tries to kill her , suspecting she may be used to create more Aliens . The Aliens have already matured and escape confinement by killing off one of their own and using the acidic blood to burn through their enclosures . They damage the Auriga and kill the crew members who do not evacuate , including General Perez and Elgyn . Military scientist Dr. Wren reveals that the ship s default command in an emergency is to return to Earth . Realizing this will unleash the Aliens on Earth , Ripley , the mercenaries , Wren , a Marine named DiStephano and surviving Alien host Purvis decide to head for the Betty and use it to destroy the Auriga . Along the way , Ripley encounters the grotesque products of failed attempts to clone Ripley . The surviving one begs Ripley to mercy kill her , and she complies . As the group makes their way through the damaged ship , they swim through a flooded kitchen . They are chased by two Aliens . One is killed , while the other snatches Hillard . As they escape the kitchen , the Alien returns and blinds Christie , who sacrifices himself to kill the Alien so the others can escape . After Wren betrays the group , Call is revealed to be an android . Using her ability to interface with the Auriga s systems , Call sets it on a collision course with Earth , hoping to destroy the Aliens in the crash . She cuts off Wren s escape route , and directs the Aliens towards him . Ripley is captured by the Aliens , while the others head for the Betty . Wren shoots Purvis and takes Call hostage , demanding that she abort the collision . An injured Purvis attacks Wren and forces his head to his chest just as the Alien embryo he is carrying bursts through his ribcage , causing it to go through Wren s head and kill them both . The survivors shoot the embryo . Ripley is taken to the Alien nest , where the Queen , now possessing a womb as a result of the genetic mixture , gives birth to a Newborn , a Xenomorph with human traits . The hybrid Alien recognizes Ripley as its mother , kills the queen Alien and Dr. Jonathan Gediman , a scientist previously captured and cocooned . Ripley takes advantage of the distraction to escape and makes her way to the Betty . The Newborn reaches the Betty and attacks Call . It kills DeStephano when he tries to help her . Ripley finds her way onto the ship and saves Call by distracting the Newborn . Using her acidic blood , Ripley melts the glass of a window and pushes the Newborn towards the hole . It is violently sucked through the hole due to decompression . The countdown on the Auriga continues as the survivors escape in the Betty . The Auriga collides with Earth , causing a large explosion . Call and Ripley look down at Earth , and when Call asks what Ripley wants to do next , she says , I m a stranger here myself . In an alternate ending that is used in some extended adaptations , the Betty lands in a ruined Paris .