In the San Fernando Valley during the summer of 1962 , protagonist Scott Scotty Smalls moves to a new town with his mother and stepfather Bill and attempts to join a neighborhood baseball team who plays in a local sandlot . With the help of team captain Benjamin Franklin Rodriguez , known as Benny by the others , Smalls becomes a proficient player . Smalls joins his new friends , Benny Rodriguez , Hamilton Ham ' Porter , Michael Squints ' Palledorous , Alan Yeah-Yeah ' McClennon , Bertram Grover Weeks , Kenny DeNunez , Timmy Timmons and Tommy Repeat ' Timmons on their many misadventures including being banned from the pool , besting a snooty long-time rival team , and getting sick on one of the rides at an amusement park . He then learns that many of the team s baseballs have ended up in Mr. Mertle s junkyard over the sandlot s back fence , which is protected by a giant dog known as The Beast , who had allegedly eaten a kid foolish enough to enter it . One day , when Benny hits the hide off of the team s last ball , Smalls substitutes one from his stepfather s prized collection . When this ball is also lost over the fence , Smalls reveals that the ball is special . To the team s horror , they learn the ball has Babe Ruth s autograph , making it valuable -- something Smalls did n't know when he took it . The team constructs a progressively complex series of machines to recover it remotely , but each attempt ends in failure and the ball itself grows increasingly damaged due to attention from the Beast . While Smalls prepares to face certain discipline from his stepfather for the loss of the signed baseball , Benny has a dream where Babe Ruth encourages him to follow his heart . Inspired by his idol , Benny climbs the fence the next day , resolving to retrieve the ball himself , but he is confronted by the Beast , a large English Mastiff . After recovering the ball , he leads the Beast on a lengthy chase around the neighborhood , which ends with the sandlot fence s collapse , which pins the dog . Overcoming their fear of the dog , Smalls and Benny free the Beast and return the dog to its owner , Mr. Mertle , who reveals that he was n't the kind of person the team thought he was . Understanding Smalls ' predicament with the now-damaged ball , Mr. Mertle reveals himself as a retired Negro League baseball player who knew Babe Ruth personally , and offers him another baseball signed by the entire 1927 Yankees team , including Ruth . Smalls presents the baseball signed by the Murderers ' Row to his stepfather , who is impressed by the replacement but still angry that he stole the first ball . Smalls does n't feel too bad when Bill only grounds him for a week , instead of the rest of his life , and things work out between the two . The sandlot kids continue playing baseball over the summers , joined by the Beast , now known by his real name of Hercules , as the team s mascot . The kids eventually grow up . Yeah-Yeah is shipped off to military school , Bertram gets really into the 60 s and is never seen again , Timmy and Tommy become an architect and a contractor , Squints marries Wendy the lifeguard , has 9 kids with her and becomes the owner of the town s drugstore , Ham becomes a professional wrestler known as The Great Hambino , Kenny goes on to play Triple-A ( baseball ) but does n't make it to the major leagues and Benny is revealed to have become a star MLB player ( earning the nickname The Jet ) , while Smalls has become a sports announcer . The movie ends with Benny running fast , stealing home plate and winning the pennant for the Los Angeles Dodgers . The crowd cheers . Benny looks up at Smalls in the announcer box and gives him the thumbs up and Smalls gives Kenny the thumbs up , too . Smalls smiles and looks at the photo on the wall of him and the gang standing in the Sandlot together .