Career criminals Neil McCauley ( Robert De Niro ) and his crew ; Chris Shiherlis , Michael Cheritto , and Trejo , hire Waingro to help them rob $ 1.6Â million in bearer bonds from an armored car . During the heist , Waingro impulsively kills a guard , infuritating McCauley . As the team attempts to kill Waingro , he escapes . McCauley s fence , Nate , suggests he sell the stolen bonds back to their original owner , money launderer Roger Van Zant . Van Zant agrees , but instructs his men to ambush McCauley at the meeting . McCauley survives the ambush and vows revenge against Van Zant . LAPD Lieutenant Vincent Hanna ( Al Pacino ) , working with Sergeant Drucker and Detectives Sammy Casals , Mike Bosko and Danny Schwartz , investigate the heist and identify McCauley s crew as the perpetrators . They discover their next target to be a precious metals depository . The unit stakes out the depository and observe the crime in progress , but inadvertently alert McCauley to their presence . McCauley abandons the burglary . Hanna , dissatisfied with the lack of evidence , lets McCauley s crew escape . Despite the increased police surveillance , McCauley s crew agrees to one last brazen bank robbery worth $ 12Â million to secure their financial futures . Waingro approaches Van Zant with information about eliminating McCauley s crew . McCauley starts a relationship with Eady ( Amy Brenneman ) , a designer he meets in a cafe . Hanna moves into a hotel after learning his wife Justine ( Diane Venora ) is having an affair . Hanna pulls over McCauley on the freeway and invites him to coffee . Face-to-face , the aging professionals bond over their personal problems ; Hanna s concern for his depressed stepdaughter Lauren and his string of failed marriages due to work , and McCauley s solitary life of a career criminal which , forbidding attachment and requiring mobility , makes his romantic relationships tenuous . Both men reaffirm their commitment to their work and to using lethal force if necessary to stop the other . After coffee , Hanna discovers that McCauley s crew have evaded their surveillance . When Trejo withdraws from the robbery , McCauley recruits ex-convict Donald Breedan ( Dennis Haysbert ) into the crew . Hanna s unit receives a confidential tip and interrupt McCauley s crew in the middle of their bank robbery . In the ensuing gunfight , several police officers , including Bosko , are killed , while McCauley s crew loses Breedan and Cheritto . Shiherlis is wounded , but escapes with McCauley . McCauley leaves Shiherlis with a doctor to treat his wounds . He breaks into Trejo s house to find Trejo near death . Trejo reveals that Waingro alerted Van Zant to their bank robbery , who subsequently informed the police . McCauley finishes off Trejo at his own request , then kills Van Zant at his home . McCauley approaches Eady , who has accepted his criminal activities , with a plan to flee to New Zealand . Hanna orders police surveillance on Waingro and leaks his location to criminal channels , suspecting McCauley will attempt to kill him before leaving town . Shiherlis ' estranged wife Charlene is detained in a police safehouse , where Drucker threatens her with criminal charges if she does n't betray Shiherlis to police . Charlene agrees , but when Shiherlis shows up in disguise , she surreptitiously warns him , allowing Shiherlis to slip through the dragnet . Hanna finds Lauren unconscious in his hotel room from a suicide attempt and rushes her to the hospital . McCauley and Eady drive to the airport when he receives word of Waingro s location at a nearby hotel . Initially dismissive , McCauley decides to risk his freedom for revenge . He infiltrates the hotel , pulling a fire alarm to distract security and confronts Waingro before killing him . Moments away from escape , he notices Hanna approaching through the crowds and is forced to abandon Eady for his freedom . Hanna chases McCauley into a field outside the LAX freight terminal . In the cat-and-mouse shootout , McCauley is exposed , and Hanna mortally wounds him . Near death , McCauley offers his hand to Hanna , who takes it , and reverently watches his adversary die .