Sam Lowry ( Jonathan Pryce ) is a low-level government employee who frequently daydreams of saving a damsel in distress . When a fly gets jammed in a printer and results in the incarceration and accidental death during interrogation of cobbler Archibald Buttle – instead of renegade air conditioning specialist and suspected terrorist Archibald Tuttle – Sam is assigned the task of rectifying the error . Visiting Buttle s widow , Sam encounters their neighbour Jill Layton ( Kim Greist ) , and is astonished to see that she resembles the woman from his recurring dreams . Jill is trying to help Mrs. Buttle determine what happened to her husband , but her efforts are obstructed by bureaucracy . Unknown to her , she is now considered a terrorist accomplice of Tuttle for attempting to report the mistake of Buttle s arrest to a government which would rather dispose of all evidence and witnesses than admit its error . Sam approaches Jill , but she avoids giving him full details , worried the government will track her down . During this time , Sam comes in contact with Tuttle ( Robert De Niro ) , who once worked for Central Services but left due to his dislike of the tedious and repetitive paperwork . Tuttle helps Sam deal with two Central Services workers , Spoor ( Bob Hoskins ) and Dowser ( Derrick O'Connor ) , who later return to demolish Sam s ducts and seize his apartment under the guise of fixing the air conditioning . Sam discovers that the only way to learn about Jill is to get transferred to Information Retrieval , where he can access her classified records . He had previously turned down a promotion arranged by his mother , Ida ( Katherine Helmond ) , who is obsessed with the rejuvenating plastic surgery of cosmetic surgeon Dr. Jaffe ( Jim Broadbent ) . Sam retracts his refusal by speaking with Deputy Minister Mr. Helpmann ( Peter Vaughan ) at a party hosted by Ida . Obtaining Jill s records , Sam tracks her down before she can be arrested , then falsifies the records to fake her death , allowing her to escape pursuit . The two share a romantic night together , but are soon apprehended by the government at gunpoint . Charged with treason for abusing his new position , Sam is restrained to a chair in a large , empty cylindrical room ( the interior of a power station cooling tower ) , to be tortured by his old friend , Jack Lint ( Michael Palin ) . Sam learns that Jill was killed while resisting arrest . When Jack is about to start the torturing , Tuttle and other members of the resistance break into the Ministry , shooting Jack , rescuing Sam , and blowing up the Ministry building . Sam and Tuttle flee together , but Tuttle disappears amid a mass of scraps of paperwork from the destroyed building . Sam stumbles into the funeral for Ida s friend , who died following excessive cosmetic surgery ; finding Ida resembling Jill and being fawned over by young men , Sam falls into the open casket and through a black void . He lands in a street from his daydreams , and attempts to escape police and monsters by climbing a pile of flex-ducts . Opening a door , he passes through it and is surprised to find himself in a trailer driven by Jill . The two leave the city together . However , this happy ending is a product of Sam s delusions : he is still strapped to the chair . Realising that Sam has descended into blissful insanity , Jack and Mr. Helpmann declare him a lost cause and leave the room . Sam remains in the chair , smiling and singing Brazil .