Jack Frost awakens from a frozen pond with amnesia . Upon realizing no one can see or hear him , he disappears . Three hundred years later Jack , as the spirit of Winter , enjoys delivering snow days to school kids , but resents that they do n't believe in him . At the North Pole , the Man in the Moon warns Nicholas St. North that Pitch Black is threatening the children of the world with his nightmares . He calls E. Aster Bunnymund , Sandy , and Tooth , to arms . They are then told that Jack Frost has been chosen to be a new Guardian . Jack is unimpressed by this position , as he still resents not being believed in , but North convinces him to aid them . Visiting Tooth s world , Jack learns that baby teeth contain memories and innocence of the children who lost them ; Jack s teeth are included , but tells Tooth he does n't remember . However , Pitch raids Tooth s home in order to kidnap all of her subordinate tooth fairies except Baby Tooth , whom Jack saved , so that the children s teeth ca n't be collected and steals all the teeth , thus preventing Tooth from sharing Jack s memories and causing children to not believe . In order to thwart Pitch s plan , the group decides to collect . During their journey , a quarrel between North and Bunnymund awakens a boy , Jamie . Since he believes , he can see all except for Jack . Pitch s nightmares then attack , provoking Sandy as the Guardian of Dreams . Jack aids , but Sandy is then killed by Pitch . As Easter approaches , the dejected Guardians gather in Bunnymund s home . With the unexpected aid of Jamie s little sister , Sophie , they begin the process of painting eggs for Easter . After Jack takes Sophie home , he is lured to Pitch s lair by a voice . Pitch then taunts him with his memories and fear of non-belief , distracting him long enough for Pitch to destroy the eggs , causing children to stop believing in Easter and Bunnymund . Losing his trust to the Guardians , Jack isolates himself in Antarctica , where Pitch tries to convince him to join his side , but threatens to kill Baby Tooth unless Jack gives him his staff . He agrees , but Pitch breaks Jack s staff and throws him down a chasm . Unlocking his memories , he learns that he was a mortal teenager who fell into ice while saving his younger sister . Inspiring him , Jack fixes his staff and returns to the lair to rescue the kidnapped baby fairies . Due to Pitch , everyone except Jamie disbelieves , weakening the Guardians . Finding Jamie s belief wavering , he makes it snow in his room , renewing belief and causing Jack to be seen and heard . Jack and Jamie gather his friends , whose renewed belief bolsters their fight against Pitch consecutively . Pitch unsuccessfully threatens them , but their dreams prove stronger , resulting in Sandy s resurrection . Defeated and disbelieved in , Pitch tries to retreat , but his nightmares cause him to be trapped in his lair . Afterward , Jamie and his friends bid goodbye to the Guardians as Jack accepts his place as the Guardian of Fun .