Dr. Emil Hobbes is conducting unorthodox experiments with parasites for use in transplants . He believes that humanity has become over-rational and lost contact with its flesh and its instincts , so the effects of the alien organism he actually develops is a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease . Once implanted , it causes uncontrollable sexual desire in the host . Hobbes implants the parasites in his teen-aged mistress , who promiscuously spreads them throughout the ultra-modern apartment building outside Montreal where they live . Hobbes , unable to undo the damage he caused , kills his mistress and then commits suicide . The police are called and the crime looks to be open and shut . As the story develops , one of Hobbes ' sexual partners begins to feel ill and returns from work . Here we see the parasite emerge from its host and escape into the building where it emerges and attacks a number of people . The pace of the story quickens when the community s resident physician , Roger St. Luc , uncovers some of the research that Hobbes had been working on . St. Luc encounters an elderly resident who has been attacked and burned by the parasite . St. Luc , along with his assistant and girlfriend , Nurse Forsythe , move the elderly residents to their room . They attempt to stop the parasite infestation before it overwhelms the city s population . Instructing the elderly couple to wait and lock themselves in , St. Luc continues to the basement where the residents told him they had disposed of the parasite . St. Luc is attacked by a caretaker but manages to defeat him by bashing in his skull . Forsythe leaves the safety of the elderly residents ' room and continues after St. Luc , where she is attacked , but is rescued by St. Luc . Meanwhile , upstairs it is clear that the parasite has spread the infection as more and more of the residents start to act out . The scene closes with the elderly couple s apartment broken into by the infected . Downstairs the security guard is infected and the auctioneer showing the apartment is slowly entrapping other unsuspecting guests . St. Luc escapes to the parking garage where Forsythe is attacked by an infected resident . St. Luc rescues her and takes her to his car . However , as they attempt to crash through the gate to the parking garage another car rams them . St. Luc helps Forsythe free and they escape to a remote area in the building . At this stage Forsythe starts to act out , showing that she too has become infected . St. Luc is forced to leave her and forge on to escape but at every turn he is trapped . Eventually he finds himself trapped in the swimming pool and he is attacked and eventually infected by Forsythe . The closing scene is the residents happily exiting the residential block in their cars . The viewer is left to believe that Hobbes ' plan to infect the world is underway .