Bobby Dupea ( Jack Nicholson ) works in a California oil field ( shot in and around the city of Taft in the San Joaquin Valley ) with his friend Elton ( Billy Green Bush ) , who has a wife and baby son . Most of Bobby s time is spent with his waitress girlfriend , Rayette ( Karen Black ) , who has dreams of singing country music , or in the company of Elton , with whom he bowls , gets drunk , and has sex with other women . Bobby has evidently not told Elton that he is a former classical pianist who comes from an eccentric family of musicians . When Rayette is said to have become pregnant and shortly before Elton is arrested for having robbed a gas station a year earlier , Bobby quits his job and leaves for Los Angeles where his sister , Partita ( Lois Smith ) , also a pianist , is making a recording . Partita informs him that their father , from whom Bobby is estranged , has suffered two strokes . She urges Bobby to return to the family home in Washington state , to visit their father . As Rayette has threatened to kill herself if Bobby leaves her , he reluctantly asks her along . Driving north , they pick up two women headed for Alaska , one of whom is obsessed about filth . The four of them are thrown out of a restaurant when Bobby gets into an argument with a waitress who refuses to accommodate his special order . Reaching his destination , Bobby , embarrassed by Rayette s lack of polish , registers her in a motel before proceeding to his family home on an island in Puget Sound . He finds Partita giving their father a haircut , but the old man seems completely oblivious to him . At dinner , Bobby meets Catherine Van Oost ( Susan Anspach ) , a young pianist engaged to his brother , Carl ( Ralph Waite ) , a violinist . Despite personality differences , Catherine and Robert , the name she calls Bobby , become attracted and make love in her room . Rayette runs out of money at the motel and comes to the Dupea estate unannounced . Her presence creates an awkward situation , but when Samia , a pompous family friend , ridicules Rayette , Bobby strongly defends her . Storming from the room in search of Catherine , he discovers his father s male nurse giving Partita a massage . Now more agitated , he picks a senseless fight and is quickly knocked to the floor . Bobby tries to persuade Catherine to go away with him , but she declines , believing he does not love himself , or indeed anything at all . After trying to talk to his unresponsive father , Bobby leaves with Rayette , who makes a playful sexual advance that he angrily rejects . When Rayette goes in for some coffee at a gas station , he gives her his wallet and then abandons her , hitching a ride on a truck headed north .