Former Los Angeles policeman John Berlin is teetering toward burnout after the collapse of his marriage . At the invitation of an old friend and colleague , Freddy Ross , Berlin heads to rural northern California , for a job with the Eureka police force . Instead , Berlin prickles his new colleagues , especially John Taylor , who was passed over for promotion in order to make room for Berlin . After finding a woman s severed hand in a garbage bag at the local dump , Berlin reopens the case of an unidentified murdered girl , nicknamed Jennifer , which went unsolved despite a full-time six-month effort by the department . Berlin notes an unusually large number of scars on the hand as well as wear on the finger-tips which he realizes came from reading Braille , determining that the girl is blind . He begins to believe the cases are related . Berlin does his best to convince Freddy and his fellow officers of his suspicions , but Taylor , and police chief Citrine , refuse to believe that the hand found at the dump is in any way connected to the other cases . After consulting his former colleagues in L.A. , Berlin discovers that in the previous four years , six women , most of them blind , have either been found dead or are still missing , all within a 300-mile radius of San Diego . He becomes convinced that Jennifer was the 7th victim and the girl whose hand was found at the dump is Jennifer 8 , or victim # 8 . While investigating the links between the dead and missing blind girls , he meets blind music student Helena Robertson , determining that her roommate Amber was the eighth victim . Berlin becomes obsessed with the case , despite an almost complete lack of hard evidence , and becomes romantically involved with Helena , who resembles his ex-wife . After an attack on Helena , Ross accompanies Berlin on a stakeout at the institute where Helena lives in a dorm , after leaving Helena with Ross ' wife Margie . When they see a flashlight shining on the same floor as Helena s apartment , Berlin investigates and is knocked unconscious by the killer , who then shoots and kills Ross with Berlin s .32 pistol . A grueling interrogation of Berlin by FBI special agent St. Anne ensues . St. Anne makes clear to Berlin that he figures him for Ross s murderer , but also inadvertently reveals information which clues Berlin to the identity of the true killer . Berlin tells St. Anne and Citrine who he believes the killer to be , but his deductions are met with disbelief . Berlin is arrested for Ross s murder , but is bailed out by Margie , who believes that Berlin is not the killer . Upon making bail Berlin returns to Margie s house only to learn that Margie has taken Helena back to the institute . Fearing that Helena and Margie are in danger , Berlin rushes to the institute , but fails to arrive ahead of the killer , who breaks in and chases a woman he believes to be Helena through the dorm . Finally catching up to her , the killer is shocked to discover that the woman he d been pursuing is actually Margie , who shoots him dead , avenging her husband and closing the case .