While attending a preview of the film Stab , a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders depicted in the first film , two Ohio Windsor College seniors , Maureen Evans and Phil Stevens are murdered by Ghostface . Phil is stabbed through the ear in a bathroom stall while trying to eavesdrop on strange whimpering noises . The killer , wearing a Ghostface costume , then returns to the screening and sits beside Maureen before mortally stabbing her . At first the audience believes she is part of the raucous acting out by audience members until she falls dead in front of the cinema screen . The following day , the news media including local journalist Debbie Salt , descend on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott , a theatre major , now studies alongside her best friend Hallie and her new boyfriend Derek , fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy , and Derek s best friend Mickey . Sidney receives prank calls but is oblivious to the recent killings until someone instructs her to watch the news . Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at the campus : officer Dewey Riley to help Sidney , and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the case . Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney and Cotton Weary , who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney s mother . After Gale forcibly brings Sidney to Cotton , Sidney angrily hits Gale . Later that evening , Sidney goes to a party with Hallie . At a sorority house , Ghostface kills fellow student Cici . After all the partygoers leave , the killer then crashes the party and attempts to murder Sidney , though Derek intervenes . The killer injures Derek but Dewey and the police arrive , causing the killer to flee . The next morning , Gale discusses the case with the police . Upon realizing that Cici s real name is Casey , she concludes that the killer is a copycat who targets students who share the same names as the Woodsboro murder victims . That afternoon , while Gale is talking to Dewey and Randy on the campus lawn , she receives a call from Ghostface hinting that he is watching them . They search for him , but Randy , who tries to keep the killer on the phone , is dragged into Gale s broadcast van and is stabbed to death by Ghostface . As night falls , Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy hoping to find some clues but the killer attacks them and seemingly kills Dewey . Gale hides and eventually escapes . In the wake of the escalating murders , as two officers drive Sidney and Hallie to a local police station , the killer ambushes them and kills the two officers . In the ensuing struggle , Ghostface is knocked unconscious . After they climb out of the car , Sidney insists on unmasking him , while Hallie insists they escape . When Sidney walks back to the car , she sees that Ghostface has escaped . Sidney then witnesses Ghostface stab Hallie to death . Ghostface then attempts to attack Sidney , but she flees . Sidney goes back to the campus and finds Derek in the auditorium tied to a crucifix and is confronted by Ghostface . The killer reveals himself as Mickey and kills Derek . Mickey details his plan to become famous in the ensuing trial and media spectacle . He then announces his accomplice , Debbie Salt , who arrives holding Gale at gunpoint . Sidney recognizes that Salt is actually Billy Loomis ' mother , seeking revenge for her son s death . Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him , as she plans to pin the murders on Mickey . Before he collapses , Mickey accidentally shoots Gale , causing her to fall off the stage . Sidney and Mrs. Loomis fight , until Cotton intervenes and eventually shoots Mrs. Loomis in the throat . When they see that Mrs. Loomis is still breathing , they find Gale still alive . Mickey suddenly jumps to his feet , but he is shot to death by Sidney and Gale . Sidney then turns and shoots Mrs. Loomis in the head and finally kills her . When the police arrive the next morning , Gale finds Dewey badly injured but alive and accompanies him to the hospital . Sidney instructs the press to direct questions to Cotton , rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself as she leaves the university campus .