On his deathbed , Mr. Dashwood ( Tom Wilkinson ) tells his son from his first marriage , John ( James Fleet ) , to take care of his second wife ( Gemma Jones ) and three daughters , Elinor ( Emma Thompson ) , Marianne ( Kate Winslet ) and Margaret ( Emilie Franรงois ) , since they will inherit nothing . John s greedy and snobbish wife Fanny ( Harriet Walter ) convinces him to give his half sisters practically nothing financially and they immediately install themselves in the large house , forcing the Dashwood ladies to look for a new home . Fanny invites her brother Edward Ferrars ( Hugh Grant ) to stay with them . Elinor and Edward soon form a close friendship , but Fanny haughtily tells Mrs. Dashwood that Edward would be disinherited if he married someone of no importance with no money . Mrs. Dashwood understands her meaning completely . Sir John Middleton ( Robert Hardy ) , a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood , offers her a small cottage house on his estate , Barton Park in Devonshire . She and her daughters move in , and are frequent guests at Barton Park . The Dashwoods meet the older Colonel Brandon ( Alan Rickman ) , who falls in love with Marianne at first sight . However , Marianne barely acknowledges him although he is carried in the highest regard and shows only kindness towards her and her family . One afternoon , Marianne takes a walk with Margaret and slips and falls in the rain . She is carried home by the dashing John Willoughby ( Greg Wise ) , with whom Marianne falls in love . They spend a great deal of time together and clearly fall in love to the point that he snips a lock of her hair to carry with him . Upon leaving one evening , Willoughby asks to spend time alone with Marianne the next day , which could only mean he is going to propose . She asks her mother to stay home from church and during the service Margaret wonders if he will kneel down while proposing . When they return , the find Marianne in tears and Willoughby out of sorts , excusing himself to leave unexpectedly and inexplicably for London . Sir John s mother-in-law , Mrs. Jennings ( Elizabeth Spriggs ) , invites her daughter and son-in-law , Mr. and Mrs. Palmer ( Hugh Laurie and Imelda Staunton ) , to visit . They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele ( Imogen Stubbs ) . Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years , dashing Elinor s hopes of a future with him . Mrs. Jennings offers to take Lucy , Elinor , and Marianne to London . Marianne and Lucy are excited to go since both of their loves are there . Marianne repeatedly reaches out to Willoughby upon their arrival , but receives no response although the talk in town is that they are engaged . When their paths finally cross at a ball . Although Marianne is overwhelmed with happiness to see her love , he greets her coldly . Due to his demeanor , Marianne faints while exiting . The next morning , all of Marianne s letters to him are returned with a note from Willoughby and the lock of her hair that he cut . He apologizes for any misunderstanding that may have caused her to believe that he loved her . Marianne is overwhelmed with grief , but Elinor is incensed since it was clear to her entire family that he loved Marianne greatly . Mrs. Jennings then divulges that Willoughby is now engaged to Miss Grey , the woman he attended the ball with , who has a large inheritance . Lucy is invited to stay with John and Fanny , as a way for Fanny to avoid inviting the Dashwood sisters to visit them . Lucy , falsely believing that she has a friend in Fanny , confides her clandestine engagement to Edward and is thrown out of the house . Edward s mother demands that he break off the engagement . When he refuses , she arranges to have his fortune transferred to his younger brother , Robert ( Richard Lumsden ) . On hearing this , Colonel Brandon offers Edward the living of the parish on his estate , feeling sympathy for the honorable Edward . He also explains to Elinor why Willoughby left Marianne : he had impregnated Brandon s ward Beth , the illegitimate daughter of his former love Eliza . Willoughby s aunt Lady Allen disinherited him upon the discovery , forcing him to find a wealthy woman to marry . Unfortunately , it all occurred the day that he was set to propose to Marianne . Elinor hopes that knowing he truly loved her is enough to make her sister feel better about losing the man she loved . On their way home to Devonshire , Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers , who live close enough to see Willoughby s estate . Marianne can not resist and walks to see it , becoming caught in a torrential rain . Everyone looks for her frantically and Colonel Brandon finds her just in time . She is sick enough that the doctor recommends that the Palmers remove their child from the house and tells Elinor to prepare herself for her sister s passing . Colonel Brandon , sick with worry over Marianne s health begs for a way to help . Elinor requests that he bring their mother to encourage Marianne to fight through her illness . She arrives just her daughter s fever breaks and she is out of danger . Once they return home , Colonel Brandon and Marianne begin spending time together . During her convalescence , Marianne admits to her sister that she was once foolish to love with her whole heart instead of holding back like Elinor . She also admitted that she knew Willoughby could n't have all he wanted since he either had to choose love or money . The Dashwoods soon learn that Miss Steele has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she is married to Edward . Later when Edward visits their house , they learn that Miss Steele jilted him in favor of his brother Robert once he had the entire inheritance , releasing Edward from his engagement . Edward proposes to and marries Elinor . Edward becomes a vicar , under the patronage of Colonel Brandon , whom Marianne happily marries . Willoughby is seen forlornly watching their wedding from a distance , and then rides away .