Homer Wells , an orphan , grows up in a Maine orphanage directed by kindly , avuncular Dr. Wilbur Larch . Homer is returned twice by foster parents ; his first foster parents thought he was too quiet and the second parents beat him . Dr. Larch is addicted to ether and is also secretly an abortion provider . Conditions at the orphanage are very sparse , but the children are treated with love and respect , and they are like an extended family . Each night before they go to sleep , Dr. Larch says , Goodnight you Princes of Maine , you Kings of New England ! as both encouragement and a kind of blessing . Homer , the oldest among the orphans , is very bright , helpful and even-tempered , so Larch trains him in obstetrics and abortions as an apprentice , despite Homer never even having attended high school . Homer disapproves of abortions , and although he has been trained by Larch in the field , he refuses to perform them . After several years , Homer is very skillful and confident in performing obstetrical duties and Larch wants Homer to take over his position after he retires . But Homer finds this idea impossible , both because he lacks formal medical education and because he wants to see more of the world than just the orphanage . Homer leaves the orphanage with Candy Kendall and her boyfriend , Wally Worthington , a young couple who work at the Worthington family apple orchard and who came to the clinic to have an abortion . While he is away from the orphanage , Homer lives on the Worthington estate in a bunkhouse called the Cider House . Wally leaves to fight in World War II . Homer is exempt from military service because Dr. Larch has diagnosed that he has a heart condition . While Wally is away , Homer and Candy have an affair . He goes to work picking apples with Arthur Rose s team . Arthur and his team are migrant workers who are employed seasonally at the orchard by the Worthingtons . When Homer reads them the rules of the Cider House that have been posted ( as they can not do so themselves ) , the workers observe that the rules have been made without the occupants ' consent by people who do not live their lives , and so do not face their problems . Consequently , they feel that they can ignore these rules . Homer and Candy become much closer during this period of harvest and spend more time together , while Wally is in Burma fighting . After Arthur Rose and his team come back to work at the orchard the following season , it comes to light that he has raped and impregnated his own daughter , Rose Rose , who confides in Homer after he finds out by himself that she is pregnant and experiencing morning sickness . Homer decides that he must help Rose , and agrees to perform an abortion , with Arthur s assistance . A few days later , when Rose Rose tries to run away , her father notices and goes to say goodbye ; Rose stabs him and flees . Arthur then makes his own injury worse , and as a last request asks Homer and another worker to tell the police that his death was a suicide . Wally returns from Burma a paraplegic , and although she loves Homer , Candy decides to go where she is most needed . Immediately following this decision , Homer learns that Dr. Larch has succumbed to an accidental ether overdose . Eventually , Homer decides he too should go where he is most needed and returns to the orphanage , where he is greeted joyously by both the children and staff . He is surprised to discover that he has been accepted as the new Director . At the end of the film , Homer learns that Larch had faked his diagnosis and medical record to keep him out of the war . Larch also later made fake credentials for Homer in order to convince the board overseeing the orphanage to appoint him as the next director . Finally , Homer fills the paternal role that Larch previously held for the children of the orphanage , saying , Goodnight you princes of Maine , you kings of New England !