Car thief Dick Kanipsia gets a parole from a penitentiary . He intends to go straight , but first he goes directly to see an old friend , Harry Moss , only to be shocked to see Harry get shot . Harry s dying words tell Dick to go find Barry Fenaka , a guy who supposedly knows where to find a stash of stolen cash that Harry has hidden . Instead of dying slowly , Harry blows himself up with dynamite . As Dick flees the scene , a black van lurks in the trees . Dick hitches a ride with Kitty Kopetzky , who starts out as a friendly free spirit , then turns into a nut case who robs a diner where she and Dick go to eat . Dick flees during her robbery and catches a passing bus . Fenaka turns out to be a small-time bandleader . He explains to Dick that he and Harry embezzled $ 320,000 , and paid a man named Palmer to stash it for them . He and his wife take Dick to go get the money . They travel by car , with an Air Stream Land Yacht in tow . At Palmer s office , they find a man named Holdebrooke who tells them that Palmer moved to Pismo Beach . As they follow Palmer s trail , the trio worry about the black camper van that seems to follow them . It is labelled Willow Camp for Boys and Girls . At the beach , Barry finds out that Palmer is now in Susanville . Somehow , Kitty tracks Dick down and joins the crew . An identical black van joins the first , and when Barry disappears , Dick and the women become convinced that he is in one of the vans . They track the vans to a trailer camp , and Dick realizes that they are being followed by people he has encountered throughout the entire trip . Kitty creates a distraction which allows them to evade capture . One of the black vans leaves the camp in a hurry , and Dick pursues them . In the ensuing chase , the other black van eventually catches up and drives Dick and the trailer off the road . He creates a roadblock and forces the black van to crash into a waste pit . In a shootout with one of the men from the van , Dick wounds his attaker and tracks him down to a roadside vegetable stand . The wounded man is Holdebrooke , who confesses that he is really Palmer . He put all the money into the camp , but the location was n't suitable , and the business failed . Barry arrives in a tow truck , revealing that he had simply gone for a tuna sandwich when Dick and the women thought he was abducted . He is thrilled to learn that the money was used to buy land . Dick walks away in disgust at the whole mess while Barry plots with his wife about how to manage the land .