Both the UK and the US are hinting at a military intervention in the Middle East . During a radio interview on BBC Radio 4 s PM programme , Minister for International Development Simon Foster ( Tom Hollander ) unintentionally states that a war in the Middle East is unforeseeable . The Prime Minister s Director of Communications , Malcolm Tucker ( Peter Capaldi ) scolds Simon and tells him to toe the line of intervention . Joining the department on his first day , Simon s new aide Toby Wright ( Chris Addison ) manages to get him into the Foreign Office meeting that day with the help of his girlfriend Suzy ( Olivia Poulet ) , who works there . Leading the meeting is the US Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomacy Karen Clarke ( Mimi Kennedy ) , who is against military intervention and flags a report by her assistant Liza Weld ( Anna Chlumsky ) titled Post-War Planning , Parameters , Implications and Possibilities ( PWPPIP ) . The report heavily opposes intervention , noting the lack of intelligence except that which is coming from an unsubstantiated source known as Iceman . Also during the committee it is hinted at that the US Assistant Secretary of State for Policy , Linton Barwick ( David Rasche ) , may have set up a secret war committee . After the meeting , Simon is ambushed by reporters and contradicts his previous statements by saying the government has to be prepared to climb the mountain of conflict . Malcolm again scolds him for making too many waves . Returning to the US , Karen and Liza figure out that Linton has created a war committee under the guise of Future Planning . At a party Karen teams up with General George Miller ( James Gandolfini ) , who opposes the war as the US has n't enough troops to succeed . She tells him that they could use Simon on the committee as he would internationalise the dissent . While on a fact-finding mission in Washington , Simon and Toby are invited by Karen to the Future Planning committee . Toby accidentally leaks the details of the meeting to a friend at CNN before meeting up with Liza at a bar ; they end up sleeping together . Due to Toby s leak the Future Planning committee is swamped , but Karen and George fail to find out anything about the war . Both Karen and Linton turn to Simon to back their respective causes , but he struggles to say anything meaningful and ultimately does not take a side . In the meantime , Malcolm , also in the US , is diverted by Linton to the White House for a fake briefing . He confronts Linton , who tells him that he has to supply the US with the British intelligence on the situation in the Middle East , with which Linton will influence the vote on intervention . Back in the UK , Simon attends a surgery in his constituency of Northampton , where he is harassed by one constituent , Paul Michaelson ( Steve Coogan ) , about a wall of Simon s constituency office , which is on the verge of collapsing into his mother s garden . News of this reaches the papers , who criticise Simon for not acting on the issue . Suzy finds out about Toby s one-night-stand with Liza and they break up . When leaving their apartment he gives her a copy of PWPPIP to leak if she chooses , but she calls him a coward for not doing it himself . The President rushes forward the security council vote on military intervention by vetoing tariffs on Chinese imports . Despite being invited along by the Prime Minister , Simon tells his Director of Communications Judy Molloy ( Gina McKee ) to send out hints that he ll resign if the committee votes in favour . The press runs with the story , and Simon quickly begins to resent it . Once at the UN Headquarters Malcolm gets word that PWPPIP has been leaked , making a yes vote unlikely . It is later revealed that Michael Rodgers ( James Smith ) of the Foreign Office accidentally leaked it , not realising its importance . George and Karen praise Simon for his resignation , which they plan to do themselves in protest ; Simon unsuccessfully attempts to suggest he is only pretending to resign . Malcolm convinces the UK Ambassador Jonathan Tutt ( Alex MacQueen ) to push the meeting forward so the leak wo n't have time to spread in the US . However , Linton asserts his dominance over Malcolm by telling him that the British intelligence has to be handed over before a vote can be taken . Unable to make Jonathan reverse his changes and delay the meeting , Malcolm , with the help of Senior Press Officer Jamie McDonald ( Paul Higgins ) , fabricates the details of PWPPIP by forcing Michael to remove all the arguments against intervention and presenting it as the intelligence . Subsequently the committee votes in favour of intervention . After the vote , George informs Karen that he is n't going to resign now that the war is happening , infuriating her . Simon realises his resignation from the Cabinet is inevitable , but before he gets the chance to do so Malcolm—apparently on the behalf of the Prime Minister—fires him over his failure to prevent the collapse of Paul s wall , which he managed to make a headline on BBC News . He also tells Simon that he can not take any sort of stand on the war anymore , as he has contradicted himself too many times . Simon is reduced to mundane constituency business . A new Minister for International Development arrives at the office .