Slate and Co. Senior Executive Cliff Vandercave and secretary Miss Sharon Stone discuss their plan to swindle the company of its vast fortune and flee , and that they need one of their employees to be responsible for it . Fred Flintstone loans his best friend and neighbor Barney Rubble money so that he and his wife Betty can adopt a child named Bamm-Bamm , who can only pronounce his own name . Although the child is initially difficult to control due to being raised by Mastadons , as well as having super strength , he eventually warms up to his new family . Barney vows to repay his friend , but Fred is visited by his mother-in-law , Pearl Slaghoople , who objects to his decision . However , Fred s wife Wilma remains supportive of his decision . Cliff holds an aptitude test , where the worker with the highest mark will become the new Vice President of the company . Barney gets the highest score , but remembers his promise and switches his paper with Fred , who he knows will fail miserably . Fred receives the promotion , but his first order is to dismiss Barney , since Barney now effectively has the lowest score . Fred accepts , but does his best to help Barney support his family , even inviting the Rubbles to live with them so that they can rent out their home . However , the perks of Fred s new job put a strain on relationships , as Wilma catches him in an intimate moment with Miss Stone , and the Rubbles are annoyed by Fred and Wilma s increasingly snobbish behavior . Cliff eventually tricks Fred into sacking the workers , over the objections of his office Dictabird . At a local restaurant Barney confronts Fred after seeing worker riots on the news revealing that he switched tests with Fred , and the Rubbles move out , despite having nowhere to live . Wilma and Pebbles also move out to her mother s house , leaving Fred behind . Fred goes to the quarry and realizes his mistake and Cliff s plot , but also finds out that Cliff has tricked Fred into thinking that he embezzled the money , Fred attempts to get Mr . Slate to fire Cliff , but Cliff calls the police . A manhunt for Fred ensues by the police and the workers . Wilma and Betty see this on the news , and break into Slate and Co. to get the Dictabird , the only witness who can clear Fred . They are , however , unaware that Cliff saw them from his office window . As Fred attempts to infiltrate a cave where the workers are seeking refuge , they see through his disguise and attempt to hang him . Barney shows up , now working as a snow cone vendor , and is almost hanged as well after he admits his part . Fred and Barney reconcile , but before they can be hanged , Wilma and Betty arrive with the Dictabird . The workers release Fred and Barney after learning from the Dictabird that Cliff had fired them to frame Fred . However , Cliff kidnaps Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm , leaving behind a ransom note demanding the Dictabird in exchange for the children s safe return . Fred and Barney encounter Cliff at the quarry , where Cliff has tied Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm to a huge machine . Though they hand him the Dictabird , Cliff activates the machine . Barney rescues the children while Fred destroys the machine . The Dictabird escapes from Cliff and lures him back to the quarry , where Miss Stone knocks him out , having had a change of heart after learning that Cliff planned to betray her . The police arrive with Wilma and Betty and Cliff attempts to flee , but a falling substance petrifies him . With the Dictabird s help , all charges against Fred are dropped , while Miss Stone is arrested as Cliff s accomplice , though Fred is confident she will be granted leniency for helping them stop Cliff . Mr . Slate shows up , impressed with the substance that Fred inadvertently created by destroying the machine , dubs the substance concrete and makes plans to produce it with Fred as President of its division , thus ending the Stone Age , but Fred declines . Barney protests that this is a great position for Fred and not like the problems of before , but Fred explains to Mr . Slate that wealth and status changed him for the worse , and simply asks that all the workers be rehired and given the job benefits he originally set out to achieve , which is granted . As the Flintstones and Rubbles have finally made amends , Fred and Barney get into a humorous quarrel when Fred once again asks Barney for a small amount of money for breakfast . As they argue and leave , Mr . Slate remarks to himself There goes the best executive I ever had .