Jackie and Luke Harrison are a divorced New York City couple struggling to help their children Anna and Ben be happy . Luke , an attorney , is living with his new girlfriend , Isabel Kelly , a successful fashion photographer several years his junior . Isabel tries hard to make Anna and Ben feel comfortable and happy with her , but Anna rejects her overtures while Ben , who loves Isabel , adds extra complication with his mischievous nature . Isabel behaves with contempt tempered by caution around Jackie , believing she overcompensates for her divorce by spoiling her children . Jackie , a former publisher turned stay-at-home mom , gives Isabel a cold reception , seeing her as an overly ambitious career woman . She also continues to harbor malice towards Luke . After a long string of arguments , Luke proposes to Isabel , making her Anna and Ben s soon-to-be stepmother , which causes more friction . Jackie is diagnosed with cancer , which is discovered to be terminal . She experiences a range of negative emotions , angry at the woman who she feels was responsible for breaking up her family , and angry that after all of the sacrifices she made for her family , she will never see her children grow up . Isabel and Anna continue to disagree . Isabel gets the children a golden retriever puppy and Anna says she is allergic to dogs . Isabel apologizes and says that her father did n't tell her that . Anna takes the dog inside , indicating she lied about her allergy . Isabel and Anna begin to bond over painting . Jackie asks Isabel to pick them up from school . Isabel agrees , then asks if she could take Anna to see a rock band that she likes . Jackie declines , saying she is too young to go to a rock concert on a school night . A few weeks later , Jackie surprises Anna with tickets to the same concert and Anna is thrilled . Jackie thanks Isabel for the idea and Isabel tells her to have a good time . Luke and Jackie tell the kids about the engagement and Anna is furious . Jackie tells Luke and the children about her illness , resulting in Anna storming out . That night Jackie shows that she can be fun by dancing and singing with the kids . Jackie and Isabel clash repeatedly , largely over Isabel s parenting . Ben goes missing on Isabel s watch and Jackie claims that she has never lost him , which she later admits to be untrue . They establish a shaky truce , as they come to terms that Isabel will soon step into the role of surrogate mother . The two women bond when Isabel reveals her admiration of Jackie s maternal instincts , while Jackie in turn praises Isabel s hipness as a means to connect with Anna . Isabel finally lets her guard down when she tells Jackie her biggest fear is that on Anna s wedding day , all Anna will wish for is her mother s presence . Jackie says her own fear is that Anna will forget her . Jackie explains to Isabel that , while Jackie will always have their past , Isabel will have their future . The film ends with the family celebrating Christmas , when a bedridden Jackie is visited in her room by Ben and Anna . Individually , Jackie tells her children that though she will die , she will remain with them as long as they remember her . Later that day , Isabel is taking a family portrait of Luke and Jackie with the children . Jackie demonstrates her acceptance of Isabel by inviting her to join them and she does . The women are shown happily in a photo side by side .