In the distant future , the known universe is ruled by Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV . The most important substance in the empire is the drug known as melange or the spice . It has many special properties , such as extending life and expanding consciousness . The most profitable and important of its properties is its ability to assist the Spacing Guild with folding space , which allows safe , instantaneous interstellar travel . Sensing a potential threat to spice production , the Spacing Guild sends an emissary to demand an explanation from the Emperor , who confidentially shares his plans to destroy House Atreides . The popularity of Duke Leto Atreides has grown though the empire , and he is suspected to be amassing a secret army equipped with sonic-based weapons , which Emperor Shaddam sees a potential threat to his rule . Shaddam s plan is to give House Atreides control of the planet Arrakis ( also known as Dune ) , the only source of spice . Once installed on Arrakis , he intends to have them ambushed by their longtime archenemies , the Harkonnens , with assistance from the Emperor s elite troops , the Sardaukar . The Guild Navigator also commands the Emperor to kill Duke Leto s son , Paul Atreides , a young man who dreams prophetic visions of his purpose . The execution order draws the attention of the Bene Gesserit sisterhood , as Paul is tied its centuries-long Bene Gesserit breeding program which seeks to produce the universe s superbeing , the Kwisatz Haderach . Before he leaves for Arrakis , Paul is tested by the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam by being forced to place his hand in a box which induces excruciating pain . To her suprise , he passes the test to Mohiam s satisfaction . Meanwhile , on the industrial world of Giedi Prime , the sadistic Baron Vladimir Harkonnen tells his nephews Glossu Rabban and Feyd-Rautha about his plan to eliminate the Atreides by manipulating someone in House Atreides into betraying the Duke . The Atreides leave their homeworld Caladan for Arrakis , a barren desert planet populated by gigantic sandworms . The native people of Arrakis are called the Fremen , a mysterious people that have long held a prophecy that a messiah would come to lead them to freedom . Upon arrival on Arrakis , Leto is informed by one of his right-hand men , Duncan Idaho , that the Fremen have been underestimated , as they exist in vast numbers and could prove to be powerful allies . Leto begins to gain the trust of the Fremen , but before the Duke can establish an alliance , the Harkonnens launch their attack . While they had anticipated a trap , Harkonnen s traitor within House Atreides , Dr. Wellington Yueh , Duke Leto s personal physician , has disabled critical shields and has destroyed their sonic weapons , leaving them nearly defenseless . In the attack , Idaho is killed , Leto is captured , and nearly all of House Atreides is wiped out . While captured , Leto dies in a failed attempt to assassinate the Baron Harkonnen using a poison gas capsule planted in his tooth by Dr. Yueh , who is double-crossed by Baron Harkonnnen and executed by Rabban . However , Leto s concubine Lady Jessica and his son Paul survive the attack and are able to escape into the deep desert , where they discover a siectch of Fremen , led by Stilgar . Paul and Jessica are taken in by the Fremen ; Jessica becomes their Reverend Mother , and Paul falls in love with Chani , a Fremen warrior he d previously seen in one of his visions . Paul takes on the Fremen name Muad'Dib , and emerges as the leader for whom the Fremen have been waiting . He teaches the Fremen to build and use the sonic weapons developed by House Atreides and begins to target spice mining production , which is back in control of the Harkonnen , overseen by Rabban . Over the next two years , spice production is effectively halted , a fact Rabban tries to keep hidden from the empire . The Spacing Guild return to the Emperor to warn him of the deteriorating situation on Arrakis . They also fear that Paul will consume the Water of Life , a powerful poison used by the Bene Gessseit to help induce their abilities . The meeting is revealed to Paul in a prophetic dream , but then , the dreams suddenly stop . Shaken by the absence of his visions , he goes out into the desert and drinks the Water of Life and enters into a trance . Upon awakening , he is transformed , obtaining powerful psychic abilities and the ability to control the sandworms . Paul has also regained his ability to see into space and the future , and learns the Emperor is amassing a huge invasion fleet above Arrakis to wipe out the Fremen and to regain absolute control of the planet . Upon the Emperor s arrival at Arrakis , he executes Rabban for failing to remedy the spice situation , calling in Baron Harkonnen to demand an explanation . At the same time , Paul launches a final attack against the Harkonnens and the Emperor s Sardaukar at the capital city of Arrakeen . His Fremen warriors , riding in on sandworms and brandishing their sonic weapons , easily defeat the Emperor s legions , while Paul s sister Alia kills Baron Harkonnen . Once in Arrakeen , Paul faces the Emperor and engages Feyd-Rautha in a duel to the death ; Paul kills Feyd and relieves Emperor Shaddam of power . Paul then demonstrates his newfound powers and fulfills the Fremen prophecy that he is the promised messiah by causing rain to fall on Arrakis for the first time ever , as Alia declares him to be the Kwisatz Haderach .