Kale Brecht ( Shia LaBeouf ) and his father Daniel ( Matt Craven ) are enjoying a fishing trip . On their return home , their vehicle evades another and ends up in a multi-car accident . Kale is injured in the crash but Daniel is killed . One year later , near the end of the school year , Kale is still traumatized by his father s death . He is reprimanded about his school work by his Spanish teacher , Se単or Gutierrez ( Rene Rivera ) ; and when Gutierrez mentions Kale s father , Kale attacks him . For the assault , he is sentenced by a sympathetic judge to three months under house arrest with an ankle monitor and a proximity sensor . Detective Parker ( Viola Davis ) explains the do s and don'ts of the system to Kale and his mother Julie ( Carrie-Ann Moss ) . The officer ( Jose Pablo Cantillo ) joyfully monitoring him follows suit by informing him that he is his teacher s cousin . Initially , he satiates his boredom by playing video games but , shortly thereafter , Julie logs out his subscriptions to the iTunes Music Store and Xbox Live and cuts the power cord of his television to get him to learn a lesson . Kale s boredom leads him to watch the neighborhood , including the two neighbor boys who play pranks on him , his next-door neighbor Robert Turner ( David Morse ) , and Ashley Carlson ( Sarah Roemer ) , the new girl in town . One night , Kale becomes suspicious of Robert Turner , who returns home in a 1967 Ford Mustang with a dented fender that matches the description given on a news report of an errant serial killer . Kale s best friend Ronnie ( Aaron Yoo ) visits to spy on Ashley and , when they accidentally alert her to their hijinks , she joins them in spying on Turner . Kale observes a young woman Turner had picked up from a nightclub as she escapes the house in a panic , but later appears to leave the home in her car . Ashley throws a party and teases Kale , knowing he is watching . He plays music loudly , and when Ashley comes over , Kale admits that he has not only watched but has learned fine details about her by doing so . The two make out , distracting each other , while blood is shown splattering on Turner s windows . Later , as Kale and Ashley watch , Turner is seen dragging a heavy bag to his garage , which Ashley claims to have noticed blood . Kale insists that Ronnie assist him in spying on Turner , eventually leading to Ronnie s breaking into Turner s garage with a camera . Though he confirms the bag has blood and hair in it , the garage door closes ; and Ronnie flees into the house . Kale leaves to rescue him but alerts the police when he leaves his property ; the police search the garage and show Kale the bag contains a roadkilled deer . Julie then goes across the street to talk to Turner , while Ronnie is in her kitchen , and Kale is watching the tape of Ronnie s running through Turner s house . Kale notices a dead body in plastic in a vent on the tape , as Turner knocks out Julie next door and then enters Kale s house , attacking Ronnie and Kale , binding and gagging Kale with duct tape . Turner reveals his plan to frame Kale for the murders before committing suicide . As Turner has Kale writing a suicide letter to Ashley , she enters the home , and the two fight off Turner and flee the house . Kale trips the bracelet to alert the police , then enters Turner s home ; Ashley goes to the police in person . In a hidden room , Kale finds evidence of Turner s previous murders , including their credentials , and a room with surgical tools and freezers of ice . Officer Gutierrez arrives at the scene , but he is killed when Turner breaks his neck . Proceeding to the basement of the house , Kale falls through the floor and finds his mother bound and gagged underneath the foundation . Turner suddenly appears from behind Julie and , in the ensuing confrontation , Kale fatally stabs Turner with a pair of gardening shears . In the aftermath , Kale is shown having his ankle bracelet removed by the authorities for good behavior , getting back at the two boys from earlier pranks and making out with Ashley on his sofa , unaware that Ronnie is video taping them .