In 1973 , sports handicapper and mafia associate Sam Ace Rothstein ( Robert De Niro ) is sent to Las Vegas to run the Teamsters Union-funded Tangiers Casino on behalf of the Chicago Outfit , which secretly controls the Teamsters , while Philip Green ( Kevin Pollak ) serves as the mob s frontman . Taking advantage of gaming laws that allow him to work in a casino while his gaming licence is pending , Sam doubles the casino s profits , which are skimmed by the mafia before they are reported to income tax agencies . Impressed with his work , mafia boss Remo Gaggi ( Pasquale Cajano ) , sends Sam s childhood friend and mob enforcer Nicholas Nicky Santoro ( Joe Pesci ) and his associate Frank Frankie Marino ( Frank Vincent ) to protect Sam and the whole operation . Nicky s volatile temper soon gets him banned from every casino in Las Vegas , so he gathers his own crew and engages in independent shakedowns and burglaries instead . Sam meets and falls in love with a hustler and former prostitute , Ginger McKenna ( Sharon Stone ) . They conceive a daughter and marry , but their marriage is proven difficult by Ginger s strong independence and love for her former boyfriend , con artist-turned pimp Lester Diamond ( James Woods ) , who is ordered beaten severely by Sam and Nicky after they catch him conning Ginger out of some money . Ginger subsequently turns to alcohol . Meanwhile , Sam makes an enemy in county commissioner Pat Webb ( L. Q. Jones ) for firing his brother-in-law Don Ward ( John Bloom ) for incompetence . When Sam refuses to reinstate him , Webb pulls Sam s licence from the backlog , forcing him to face a hearing for his gaming licence while secretly arranging for the board to deny Sam . Sam blames the incident on Nicky s recklessness and the two argue furiously in the desert after Sam attempts to tell Nicky to leave Las Vegas . The casino counters begin stealing some money for themselves , prompting the Midwest mafia bosses to put Artie Piscano ( Vinny Vella ) of the Kansas City mafia in charge of overseeing the transactions . He rants about it in his grocery store , unaware that the FBI are listening on an old bug they had planted there long before . The FBI subsequently begin an investigation . Tired of his wife s alcoholism , Sam seeks a divorce from Ginger . She then kidnaps their daughter , Amy , taking her to Los Angeles , and plans to flee to Europe with Lester . Sam convinces her to come back with Amy , and then scolds her for stealing his money and kidnapping their daughter . After he overhears Ginger talking on the phone about killing him , he kicks her out of the house , but soon relents knowing if he gives Ginger money he would never see her again . Ginger then approaches Nicky for help in getting her valuables from their shared vault in the bank , and the two start an affair . Sam discovers this after finding Amy tied to her bed by Ginger , who is with Nicky at his restaurant . Sam disowns Ginger , and so does Nicky . A furious and drunk Ginger crashes her car into Sam s driveway , making a scene and retrieves the key to their deposit box after distracting the attending police . Though she succeeds in taking her share of the money from the bank , she is arrested by the FBI for aiding and abetting Sam . The FBI move in and the casino empire crumbles . Green decides to cooperate with the authorities and Piscano dies of a heart attack , though Nicky flees Las Vegas before he can be caught . The FBI approach Sam for help , but he turns them down . The bosses are arrested and put on trial , but decide to eliminate anyone involved in the scheme to stop them from testifying and prolonging their coming sentences , among them three casino executives , Teamsters head Andy Stone ( Alan King ) and money courier John Nance . Ginger flees to Los Angeles and ultimately dies penniless of a drug overdose in a motel . Sam himself is almost killed in a car bomb , and suspects Nicky was behind it . Before Sam can take revenge , Nicky and his brother Dominick are ambushed by Frankie and their own crew and savagely beaten and buried alive in a cornfield , the bosses having had enough of Nicky s behaviour and offered his crew clemency in exchange for the murder . With the mob now out of power , the old casinos are demolished and purchased by big corporations , who build new and gaudier attractions , which Sam laments are not the same as when the mafia was in control . Sam subsequently retires to San Diego and continues to live as a sports handicapper for the mob , in his own words , ending up right back where I started . He closes the film with the words , and that s that .