Elle Woods , a student of fashion merchandising and president of her sorority , is taken to an expensive restaurant by her boyfriend , Warner Huntington III , who is the governor s son . Expecting Warner to propose , to her dismay , he breaks up with her , thinking that she is not serious enough for his political aspirations . Elle seeks comfort from her sorority sisters , who encourage her to keep pursuing him , leading to her plan to follow Warner into Harvard Law School . After much effort , she scores a 179 on the Law School Admission Test , and combined with her 4.0 GPA in fashion merchandising , the Harvard panel admits her . Upon arriving at Harvard , Elle s SoCal personality is a contrast to her arrogant , drab , East Coast classmates , who refuse to take her seriously . Elle soon encounters Warner , but finds out that he is engaged to another classmate , Vivian Kensington . To make things worse , her studies are off to a poor start , as she struggles to keep up with the reading , and shows up unprepared for a lecture , causing a strict female professor , Professor Stromwell , to heavily berate her . After being kicked out of the class , Elle meets Emmett , who gives her advice for handling each of her professors . Vivian invites Elle to a costume party , and Elle shows up in a playboy bunny suit , when it is actually not a costume party . Elle tells Warner that she intends to apply for one of her professor s internships , but Warner tells her that she wo n't be accepted and that she s just wasting her time . Elle realizes that Warner will never take her back . She finds motivation to prove herself . Determined to succeed against the odds , Elle studies diligently and eventually receives an internship at the legal office of Callahan , the school s most respected professor , who is defending a prominent fitness instructor named Brooke Windham . Accused of murdering her husband , Brooke is unwilling to produce an alibi . The prosecution s main witness , a pool cleaner , claims that he was having an affair with Brooke , and that the two were going to run off with Brooke s husband s money . In fact , Brooke reveals to Elle that she was having liposuction during the murder , but forces her to keep the alibi a secret as it would ruin her career and reputation . Impressed by Elle s ingenuity , Vivian befriends her and admits to certain things about Warner that even Elle never knew about . Elle , using her fashion sense , deduces that the pool cleaner is gay , but Callahan dismisses her theory . However , Emmett , Callahan s junior partner , believes her and during cross-examination tricks the pool cleaner into confessing his homosexuality , thereby undermining the case for Brooke s guilt . Callahan later makes advances toward Elle , but she rejects him . Overhearing his attempted seduction , Vivian is angered and blames Elle for using sex to further her career . Elle , frustrated by these events , contemplates leaving law school , but Professor Stromwell restores her self-esteem . Meanwhile , Brooke demands to know why Elle is missing from the team . When Emmett explains Callahan s behavior , an enraged Brooke decides to fire Callahan and Vivian learns the truth . Elle , having been hired back , conducts an aggressive cross-examination of Brooke s step-daughter Chutney , forcing her to confess that she was the one who killed Brooke s husband , but had intended to kill Brooke because she resented the fact that her father married someone her age . Brooke is exonerated and Chutney is arrested . Elle rejects Warner , claiming that she needs a man who loves her for her and not someone who acted like a bonehead . Two years later , Elle gives the graduation speech at her law school as class elected speaker . Vivian , meanwhile , has broken up with Warner , who graduated without honors and without a job offer . Emmett has fallen out with Callahan , started his own firm , and has been dating Elle for two years and intends to propose to her .