Nick Conklin is a New York City police officer facing possible criminal charges ; Internal Affairs believes Nick was involved with his partner who was caught taking criminal money in a corruption scandal . Nick is divorced from his wife , who has custody of their two children . Nick also has financial difficulties . At a restaurant , Nick and his partner Charlie Vincent observe two Japanese men meet with Mafia gangsters . Nick s suspicions are validated when another Japanese man enters the restaurant , seizes a small package at gunpoint , kills two people , and leaves . Nick and Charlie chase and arrest the suspect after he nearly kills Nick . The suspect , a Yakuza gangster named Sato , is to be extradited to Osaka and given to the police there . Though angered Sato will not be prosecuted in the US , Nick agrees to escort him . Nick’s captain believes it will keep Nick from causing more trouble and exacerbating the already biased Internal Affairs investigation . When they arrive in Osaka , they surrender Sato to the Japanese police , only to be told that they were duped by impostors . Nick convinces the Osaka police to allow them to observe the investigation , though their weapons are confiscated . They are assigned to Masahiro Matsumoto . Nick behaves rudely and offends Matsumoto , while Charlie attempts to be more polite . Nick also makes contact with an American nightclub hostess , Joyce , who explains that Nick and Charlie represent American inefficiency and stupidity to the Japanese . Through her , Nick discovers Sato is fighting a gang war with a notorious crime boss , Sugai , and traveled to New York to disrupt Sugai s counterfeiting scheme . Nick joins a police raid without permission and takes a few $ 100 bills from the crime scene . The next day , Matsumoto explains they have dishonored themselves , him , and the police force by his theft , which has been reported in America ; Nick calls him a snitch and demonstrates the money is counterfeit by burning one of the bills . At night , Nick and Charlie walk back to their hotel drunk and unescorted , despite warnings about their safety . In an apparent prank , a young motorcyclist steals Charlie s coat and leads him to an underground parking garage . Separated from Charlie , Nick watches in horror as Sato and several others briefly torture and kill him . Joyce comforts the distraught Nick at her apartment . Later , Mastumoto hands him Charlie s service pistol . As Matsumoto and Nick trail one of Sato s operatives , Nick admits he stole money in New York . The operative retrieves a sample counterfeit note , which she passes to a gangster . Nick and Matsumoto tail him to a steel foundry , where they find Sato is meeting Sugai , and the package from New York is a printing plate for American $ 100 bills . Nick confronts Sato , who escapes when swarming police arrest Nick for waving a gun in public . Though deported , Nick sneaks off the plane to pursue Sato on his own , as Matsumoto has been suspended and demoted . Joyce helps him meet Sugai , who explains that making counterfeit US currency is his revenge for the black rain , or nuclear fallout , after the bombing of Hiroshima in World War II . Nick suggests a deal where Sugai can use Nick to retrieve the stolen plate from Sato , leaving Sugai s reputation and hands clean . Sugai drops Nick at a remote farm with a shotgun . Matsumoto arrives , and they deduce Sato plans a massacre . During a meeting with Sugai , Sato cuts off one of his fingers in atonement , stabs Sugai , and escapes with the plates , prompting a gunfight between Sugai s and Sato s men . Sato escapes the fight on a dirt bike , Nick pursues , and the two fight briefly . Nick gains the advantage and , having Sato at his mercy , has the choice of whether or not to kill Sato for Charlie and all the humiliation he has suffered . Matsumoto and Nick walk a handcuffed Sato into police headquarters to the amazement of everyone and later receive commendations , which Nick accepts gratefully . Before boarding his flight home , Nick thanks Matsumoto for his assistance and friendship , and gives him a dress shirt in a gift box . Underneath it , Matsumoto finds the counterfeit printing plates .