Trinity , an infamous hacker , is cornered by police in an abandoned hotel . She overpowers them with superhuman abilities and escapes , but a group of sinister and superhuman black-suited Agents lead the police in a rooftop pursuit . She answers a ringing public telephone and vanishes . Thomas Anderson is a computer programmer living a double life under the hacker alias Neo . He believes something is wrong with the world and is puzzled by repeated online encounters with the cryptic phrase the Matrix . Trinity contacts him , saying that a man named Morpheus can explain its meaning ; however , the Agents , led by Agent Smith , apprehend Neo at his office . Undeterred , Neo meets Morpheus , who offers him a choice between a red pill that will allow him to learn the truth about the Matrix , and a blue pill that will return him to his old life . Swallowing the red pill , Neo s reality disintegrates and he awakens , naked and weak , in a liquid-filled pod , finding himself one of countless people connected by cables to an elaborate electrical system . He is rescued and brought aboard Morpheus s hovercraft , the Nebuchadnezzar . Morpheus explains that , in the 21st century , humans waged a war against intelligent machines that they had created . When humans blocked the machines ' access to solar energy , the machines began to harvest the humans ' bioelectricity for power . The Matrix is a shared simulation of the world as it was in 1999 in which the minds of the harvested humans are trapped and pacified ; Neo has been living in it since birth . Morpheus and his crew belong to a group of rebels who hack into the Matrix and unplug enslaved humans , recruiting them as rebels . The rebels ' understanding of the true nature of the simulated reality allows them to bend its physical laws , granting them superhuman abilities . Neo is warned that fatal injuries within the Matrix will also kill one s physical body , and that the Agents he encountered are powerful sentient programs that eliminate threats to the system . Neo s skill during virtual combat training lends credence to Morpheus s belief that Neo is the One , a man prophesied to lead the insurrection of enslaved humans against the machines . The group enters the Matrix to visit the Oracle , a prophet who predicted the emergence of the One . She implies that Neo is not the One , and warns Neo that he will soon have to choose between his life and the life of Morpheus . Before they can leave the Matrix , the group is ambushed by Agents and tactical police . Morpheus allows himself to be captured so that Neo and the crew can escape . However , their getaway is hindered by Cypher , a crew member who betrayed Morpheus to Agent Smith in exchange for a comfortable life within the Matrix . Cypher disconnects and murders several crew members as they lie defenseless in the real world , before he is killed by Tank , a crewman whom he had left for dead . In the Matrix , the Agents interrogate Morpheus in an attempt to learn his access codes to the mainframe computer in Zion , the rebel humans ' last refuge in the real world . Tank proposes killing Morpheus to prevent this , but Neo , who believes that he is not the One , instead resolves to return to the Matrix to rescue Morpheus , and Trinity insists on accompanying him . They succeed in rescuing Morpheus , and in doing so Neo gains the necessary confidence in his abilities , performing feats on par with those of the Agents . Morpheus and Trinity exit the Matrix , but Smith ambushes and kills Neo before he can leave . In the real world , sentinel machines attack the Nebuchadnezzar , while Trinity stands over Neo and whispers to him that the Oracle told her that she would fall in love with the One . She kisses Neo , and he revives , this time with the power to perceive and control the Matrix . He effortlessly destroys Smith and leaves the Matrix in time for the ship s electromagnetic pulse weapon to disable the attacking sentinels . Some time later , Neo makes a telephone call in the Matrix , promising the machines that he will show their prisoners a world where anything is possible . He hangs up and flies into the sky .