Best friends Enid and Rebecca face the summer after their high school graduation . The girls are social outcasts , but Rebecca is more popular with boys than Enid . Enid s diploma is withheld on the condition that she attend a remedial art class . Even though she is a talented artist , her art teacher , Roberta ( Illeana Douglas ) , believes that art must be socially meaningful and dismisses Enid s sketches as nothing more than light entertainment . The girls see a personal ad in which a lonely , middle-aged man named Seymour ( Steve Buscemi ) asks a woman he met recently to contact him . Enid makes a prank phone call to Seymour , pretending to be the woman and inviting him to meet her at a diner . The two girls and their friend , Josh ( Brad Renfro ) , secretly watch Seymour at the diner and make fun of him . Enid soon begins to feel sympathy for Seymour , and a few days later the girls follow him to his apartment building . They find him selling vintage records in a garage sale . Enid buys an old blues album from him , and they become friends . She decides to try and find women for him to date . Enid has meanwhile been attending her remedial art class , and she persuades Seymour to lend her an old poster depicting a grotesquely caricatured black man , which was once used as a promotional tool by Coon Chicken Inn , the fried chicken franchise now known as Cook s Chicken , where Seymour works in a managerial position . Enid presents the poster in class as a social comment about racism , and Roberta is so impressed with the concept that she offers Enid a scholarship to an art college . Seymour receives a phone call from Dana ( Stacey Travis ) , the intended recipient of his personal ad . Enid encourages him to pursue a relationship with Dana , but she becomes unexpectedly jealous when he does so . Enid and Rebecca s lives start to diverge . While Enid has been spending time with Seymour , Rebecca has found a job at a coffee shop and has become more interested in clothing , boys and other typically traditional teenage obsessions . Enid also finds herself a job so she can afford to rent an apartment with Rebecca , but she is fired after only one day . The girls argue , and Rebecca abandons the idea of living with Enid . At the end of the summer , Enid and Seymour s lives fall apart . When Enid s poster is displayed in an art show , school officials find it so offensive they force Roberta to give her a failing grade and revoke the scholarship . Enid turns to Seymour for solace , resulting in a drunken one-night stand . Seymour breaks up with Dana , and is called to account at work when the Coon Chicken poster is publicized in a local newspaper . He unsuccessfully tries to contact Enid , only for Rebecca to tell him about Enid s prank phone call , describing the way the trio mocked him at the diner . Seymour is understandably upset and ends up confronting Josh . Seymour is injured while doing so and is hospitalized . Enid visits Seymour in an effort to apologize , causing him to realize that he has no chance of any kind of future with her . Enid gives in to her childhood fantasy of running away from home and disappearing . Throughout the film , she has seen an old man named Norman ( Charles C. Stevenson Jr. ) , who waits at an out-of-service bus stop for a bus that will never come . Enid sits next to him , and Norman boards an out-of-service bus . The next day , while Seymour discusses the summer s events with his therapist , Enid returns to the bus stop and boards the out-of-service bus when it arrives .