In 1998 , Los Angeles has become immensely crime-ridden and decadent , ultimately being directly governed and patrolled by the recently created United States Police Force . Two years later , on August 23 , 2000 , a massive earthquake strikes Los Angeles , the San Fernando Valley floods , and the Los Angeles area turns into an island from Malibu to Anaheim . An American presidential candidate who is also an outspoken theocrat has been saying that L.A. is sinful and has been punished by God . When he is elected President for life , he declares that anyone not conforming to the new Moral America laws he creates , which ban such things as tobacco , alcoholic beverages , recreational drugs , red meat , firearms , profanity , atheism , freedom of religion and extra-marital sex , will be stripped of their citizenship and deported to Los Angeles Island unless they repent and choose death by electrocution . A containment wall is built around the island , armed guards and watchtowers are posted , and those sent to the island are exiled permanently . In 2013 , Cuervo Jones , a Shining Path Peruvian Revolutionary , seduces the President s daughter , Utopia , via a holographic system and brainwashes her into stealing her father s remote control to the Sword of Damocles super weapon—a series of satellites capable of rendering all electronic devices anywhere on the planet useless . The President intends to use the system to destroy America s enemies ' ability to function and eventually dominate the world . While traveling aboard Air Force Three , Utopia leaves the plane in an escape pod and lands on L.A. Island to join with Cuervo . With the satellites under his control , Cuervo promises to take back America with the assistance of an allied invasion force of third world nations that are standing by to attack . Cuervo claims that if the President tries to stop him , he will pull the plug on the country and black out the capital . Cuervo also knows the secret world code that can knock out power for the entire planet . Snake Plissken is captured for another series of crimes and is scheduled to be exiled to Los Angeles Island . Upon his arrival for deportation , Snake meets the President and is offered the mission of retrieving the weapon . The President says he will give him a full pardon if he is successful . The President indicates he does not care if Utopia is returned or not , declaring her a traitor . To ensure his compliance , Snake is infected with the man-made Plutoxin 7 virus that will kill him within ten hours . If he completes the mission , Snake will be cured . Snake is given an assault rifle , a personal holographic projector , a thermal-camouflage overcoat , and a countdown clock for how long he has to live . Los Angeles is in ruins and a hotbed of crime . Snake sneaks into the city with a mini submarine that he loses when the platform it landed on crumbles , causing the sub to sink . Making his way across the island , Snake meets Map to the Stars Eddie , a swindler who sells interactive tours of L.A. Snake defeats Cuervo at his staging area of The Happy Kingdom By The Sea in Anaheim and takes the remote control . Snake leaves the island with Utopia and some other Cuervo resistors in a helicopter . Cuervo shoots at it with a rocket launcher just before Eddie kills him , but seeing the incoming rocket , Eddie leaps off the chopper , landing on an awning . The rocket hits the chopper and kills those in the back of the chopper but also causes a fire ; Snake and Utopia bail out before it crashes . When the President s men reach the crash site , Snake intentionally hands off the wrong remote to the President while Utopia is taken to the electric chair despite her pleas for forgiveness . The Plutoxin 7 virus is revealed to be nothing more than a fast , hard-hitting case of the flu . The President tries using the satellites to stop a Cuban invasion force threatening Florida . Activating the remote , the President hears only Eddie s Map to the Stars intro over I Love L.A.. The President orders Snake s execution but Snake previously activated his hologram projector and the Snake that gets shot is an illusion . Snake activates the real control device , entering the world code , against pleas to stop . At the deportation center , Utopia expresses her surprise that Snake shut down the Earth and thus saved her . In the final scene Snake lights a cigarette and blows out the match used to light it , upon which he utters Welcome to the human race , and the film ends .