In 1974 , 11-year-olds Wendy Richards , Jude Cunningham , Kelly Lynch , and Nick McBride play hide and seek in an abandoned convent . 10-year-old Robin Hammond tries to join them , but they start teasing her by repeating Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! . Robin is then backed up towards a window from which she falls to her death . Instead of reporting the incident to the police , the children make a pact not to tell anyone what happened and keep the incident a secret , but after they leave , a shadow falls across Robin s body . Later a known rapist , Leonard Merch is mistakenly blamed for Robin s death and is arrested . Six years pass , Robin s family attend her memorial on the anniversary of her death . Robin s teenage sister and brother , Kim and Alex , are also preparing for the school prom to be held that evening . Their parents will also attend , as their father is the school principal . Kelly , Jude and Wendy begin receiving obscene phone calls from an unknown figure , while Nick ignores his ringing phone . Kim and Nick , whom she is dating , are attending prom together ; Jude is asked by goofy jokester Seymour Slick Crane whom she meets by chance that morning ; Kelly is going with her boyfriend Drew Shinnick ( who is preoccupied with having sex with her despite objections ) , while Wendy , previously Nick s girlfriend , asks the school rebel , Lou Farmer with plans to embarrass Nick and Kim at prom . In the changing room after gym class , Kim and Kelly discover the locker room mirror severely cracked and a shard missing . The offender blamed for Robin s death has escaped and Lt. McBride , Nick s father , investigates . Also during the day , Wendy , Jude and Kelly discover their year book photos in their lockers torn and stabbed with a piece of glass . During the senior prom , Kim and Nick perform a dance number to impress Wendy who had insisted Nick would be getting back with her after the prom . Later , Kelly and Drew make out in the changing room , but Kelly refuses to continue to full sex , resulting in Drew angrily leaving . As Kelly gets dressed , an unidentified figure wearing a ski mask and all-black clothing stealthily approaches her and slits her throat with a mirror shard . Jude and Slick have sex and smoke marijuana in Slick s van parked outside school grounds . Unbeknownst to them , they are being watched and are then attacked by the masked killer , who stabs Jude s throat . Slick struggles with the killer while attempting to drive away but the killer escapes from the van ( with Slick inside ) as it tumbles off a cliff and explodes into a wreckage . McBride , staking out the prom , is informed that the sex offender blamed for Robin s death has been caught . He is relieved and ends his scrutiny of the event . Wendy in the bathroom is then confronted by the killer now wielding an axe and is chased through the school . After evading the killer several times , she is suddenly caught and killed after she screams upon discovering Kelly s body in a storage room . Kim and Nick prepare to be crowned prom king and queen but Wendy s plan is put into action by Lou and his lackeys who tie up Nick with Lou taking his crown and assuming his position back stage . Thinking he is Nick , the killer approaches behind Lou and decapitates him . Lou s head lands onto the dance floor , sending the partygoers fleeing in horror . Kim finds Nick and frees him . As they prepare to escape , they are confronted by the killer who attacks Nick but not Kim . Eventually in the ensuing brawl , Kim bluntly strikes the killer s head with his own axe . She and the killer then stare at each other for a moment and Kim realizes who he really is . He runs outside where the police have arrived . As guns are raised Kim screams for Lt. McBride not to shoot him . The killer then collapses on the ground and is revealed to be Alex , who is Robin s twin . He tearfully tells his sister that Jude , Kelly , Wendy and Nick were responsible for their sister s death . The film ends as he cries Robin s name and dies . Kim sheds a tear for the death of another sibling .