Hook-handed Vietnam veteran Staff Sergeant John Four Leaf Tayback s ( Nick Nolte ) memoir , Tropic Thunder , is being made into a film . With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky ( Jay Baruchel ) , the cast—fading action hero Tugg Speedman ( Ben Stiller ) , five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus ( Robert Downey , Jr. ) , rapper Alpa Chino ( Brandon T. Jackson ) , and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy ( Jack Black ) all behave unreasonably . Rookie director Damien Cockburn ( Steve Coogan ) can not control them during filming of a large battle scene , and production is reported to be one month behind schedule a mere week into production . Furious studio executive Les Grossman ( Tom Cruise ) orders Cockburn to resume filming as planned , or have the project shut down . Acting on Four Leaf s advice , Damien drops the actors into the middle of the jungle , with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film guerrilla-style . The actors have guns that fire blanks , along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route . Unknown to the actors and production , the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle , the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang . Just as the group are about to set off , Damien inadvertently steps on an old land mine and is blown up , stunning the actors . Tugg , believing Damien faked his death to encourage the cast to give better performances , persuades the others that Damien is alive , and that they are still shooting the film . Lazarus is unconvinced but joins them in their trek through the jungle . When Four Leaf and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood ( Danny McBride ) try to locate the dead director , they are captured by Flaming Dragon . Four Leaf is revealed to have hands ; he confesses to Underwood that he actually served in the Coast Guard , has never left the United States , and that he wrote his memoir as a tribute . As the actors continue through the jungle , Kirk and Kevin discover that Tugg is leading them in the wrong direction . The four actors , tired of walking and hoping to be rescued , leave Tugg , who goes off by himself and is captured by Flaming Dragon . Taken to their heroin factory , Tugg believes it is a POW camp from the script . The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film , the box office bomb Simple Jack , and forces him to reenact it several times a day . Meanwhile in Los Angeles , Tugg s agent Rick Pecker ' Peck ( Matthew McConaughey ) is trying to negotiate with Les an unfulfilled term in Tugg s contract that entitles him to a TiVo . Flaming Dragon calls the two and demands a ransom for Tugg , but Les instead berates the gang . Despite the threats , Les expresses no interest in rescuing Tugg and tries to convince Rick about the benefits of allowing Tugg to die and collecting the insurance . Les also offers Rick a Gulfstream V jet and money in return for his cooperation . Kirk , Alpa , Jeff , and Kevin discover Flaming Dragon s heroin factory . After witnessing Tugg being tortured , they plan a rescue attempt based on the film s script . Kirk impersonates a farmer towing a captured Jeff on the back of a water buffalo , distracting the armed guards so Alpa and Kevin can locate the captives , but after the gang s leader ( Brandon Soo Hoo ) notices inconsistencies in Kirk s story , the actors , knowing their cover has been blown , begin firing , temporarily subduing the gang . Their control of the gang falls apart when Jeff grabs the leader and heads for the drugs , and the gang regains their guns and begin firing . The four actors locate Four Leaf , Cody , and Tugg and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to Underwood s helicopter . Tugg asks to remain behind with the gang which he considers his family , but quickly returns when Flaming Dragon fires in pursuit . Four Leaf detonates the bridge allowing Tugg to reach safety , but as the helicopter takes off , the gang fires a rocket-propelled grenade at the helicopter . Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the grenade , saving them . The crew return to Hollywood , where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film , Tropic Blunder , which becomes a major critical and commercial success . The film wins Tugg his first Academy Award , which Kirk presents to him at the ceremony . In a mid-credits scene , Rick is on a plane back to Hollywood with his estranged son . Also during the credits , you see Tom Cruise dancing by himself listening to Ludacris s Get Back .