Supreme Chancellor Valorum , leader of the Galactic Republic , dispatches Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice , Obi-Wan Kenobi , to negotiate with the Trade Federation leadership to end a blockade of battleships around the planet Naboo . Darth Sidious , a Sith Lord and the Trade Federation s secret adviser , orders Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray to kill the Jedi and invade Naboo with an army of battle droids . The Jedi escape and flee to Naboo , where Qui-Gon saves a Gungan outcast , Jar Jar Binks , from being killed during the invasion . Indebted to the Jedi , Jar Jar leads them to an underwater Gungan city . The Jedi unsuccessfully try to persuade the Gungan leader , Boss Nass , into helping the people of Naboo , though they are able to obtain transportation to Theed , the capital city on the surface . They rescue Queen Amidala , the ruler of the Naboo people , and escape the planet on her royal starship , which is damaged as they pass the Federation blockade . Amidala s ship is unable to sustain its hyperdrive and lands for repairs on the desert planet Tatooine . Qui-Gon , Jar Jar , astromech droid R2-D2 , and Amidala ( in disguise as Padmé , her handmaiden ) visit the settlement of Mos Espa to buy new parts at a junk shop . They meet the shop s owner Watto and his nine-year-old slave , Anakin Skywalker , who is a gifted pilot and engineer and has created a protocol droid called C-3PO . Qui-Gon senses a strong presence of the Force within Anakin and is convinced that he is the chosen one of Jedi prophecy who will bring balance to the Force . Qui-Gon wagers Anakin s freedom with Watto in a Podrace , which Anakin wins . Anakin joins the group to be trained as a Jedi , leaving his mother , Shmi , behind . En route to their starship , Qui-Gon briefly duels with Darth Maul , Darth Sidious s apprentice , who was sent to capture Amidala . The Jedi escort Amidala to the Republic capital planet , Coruscant , so she can plead her people s case to Chancellor Valorum and the Galactic Senate . Qui-Gon asks the Jedi Council for permission to train Anakin as a Jedi , but the Council , concerned that Anakin is vulnerable to the dark side , refuse . Undaunted , Qui-Gon vows to train Anakin anyway . Meanwhile , Naboo s Senator Palpatine persuades Amidala to make a vote of no confidence in Valorum to elect a more capable chancellor to resolve the crisis on Naboo . Though she pushes for the vote , Amidala grows frustrated with the corruption in the Senate and decides to return to Naboo with the Jedi . On Naboo , Padmé reveals herself to the Gungans as Queen Amidala and persuades them into an alliance against the Trade Federation . Jar Jar leads his people in a battle against the droid army while Padmé leads the hunt for Gunray in Theed . In a starship hangar , Anakin enters a vacant starfighter and inadvertently triggers its autopilot , joining the battle against the Federation droid control ship in space . Anakin ventures into the ship and destroys it from within , deactivating the droid army . Meanwhile , Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan battle Darth Maul , who mortally wounds Qui-Gon before being bisected by Obi-Wan . As he dies , Qui-Gon asks Obi-Wan to train Anakin . Subsequently , Palpatine is elected as the new Supreme Chancellor and Gunray is arrested . The Jedi Council promotes Obi-Wan to the rank of Jedi Knight and reluctantly accepts Anakin as Obi-Wan s apprentice . At a festive ceremony , Padmé presents a gift of appreciation and friendship to the Gungans .