At a fairground in rural Northern Ireland , Provisional IRA volunteer Fergus ( Stephen Rea ) and a unit of other IRA members , including a woman named Jude ( Miranda Richardson ) and led by Maguire ( Adrian Dunbar ) , kidnap Jody ( Forest Whitaker ) , a black British soldier , after Jude lures him to a secluded area with the promise of sex . The IRA demands the release of jailed IRA members , threatening to execute Jody in three days if their demands are not met . Fergus is tasked to guard Jody and develops a bond with the prisoner , much to the chagrin of the other IRA men . During this time , Jody tells Fergus the story of the Scorpion and the Frog . Jody persuades Fergus to promise to seek out his girlfriend Dil ( Jaye Davidson ) in London should Jody be killed . The deadline set by Jody s captors passes and with none of the IRA s demands being met , Jody is to be executed . When Fergus takes him into the woods to carry out the sentence , Jody makes a break for it . Fergus can not bring himself to shoot the fleeing Jody in the back , but Jody is accidentally run over and killed by a British Saracen armoured personnel carrier as they move in to assault the IRA safe-house . With his IRA companions seemingly dead after the attack , Fergus flees to London , where he takes a job as a day labourer , using the alias Jimmy . A few months later , Fergus finds Dil at a hair salon . Later they talk in a bar , where he sees her singing The Crying Game . Fergus suffers from guilt about Jody s death and sees him in his dreams bowling a cricket ball to him . He pursues Dil , protecting her from an obsessive suitor and falling in love with her . Later , when he is about to make love to her in her apartment , he discovers that she is transgender . His initial reaction is of revulsion . Rushing to the bathroom to throw up , he accidentally hits Dil in the face . A few days later , he leaves her a note and the two make up . Despite everything , Fergus is still attracted to Dil . Around the same time , Jude unexpectedly reappears in Fergus ' apartment . She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him in absentia , and she forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge . She also mentions that she knows about Fergus and Dil , warning him that the IRA will kill her if Fergus does not co-operate . Fergus , unable to overcome his feelings for Dil , continues to woo her . To shield her from possible retribution , he gives her a haircut and menswear as a disguise . The night before the IRA mission is to be carried out , Dil gets heavily drunk and Fergus escorts her to her apartment , where she asks him to stay with her . Fergus complies , then admits he had an indirect hand in Jody s death . Dil , drunk , appears not to understand , but in the morning , before Fergus wakes up , Dil ties him to the bed . She unwittingly prevents Fergus from joining the other IRA members and completing the planned assassination . Holding Fergus at gunpoint , Dil forces him to tell her that he loves her and will never leave her . She unties him , saying that , even if he is lying , it is nice to hear his words . Dil then breaks down in tears . Meanwhile , Jude and Maguire gun the judge down , but Maguire is shot dead by one of the bodyguards . A vengeful Jude enters Dil s flat with a gun , seeking to kill Fergus for missing the assassination . Dil takes several shots at Jude , hitting her , whilst stating that she is aware that Jude was complicit in Jody s death and that Jude used her sexuality to trick him . Dil finally kills Jude with a shot in the neck . She then points the gun at Fergus but lowers her hand , saying that she can not kill him , because Jody will not allow her to . Fergus prevents Dil from shooting herself and tells her to hide out in the club for a while . When she is gone , he wipes her fingerprints off the gun ( replacing them with his own ) , and allows himself to be arrested in her place . A few months later , Dil visits Fergus in prison where he is serving six years . After discussing his post-release plans , she asks why he took the fall for her , and he responds , As a man once said , it s in my nature . He then tells her the story of the Scorpion and the Frog .