Set in late 1975 , Rocky Balboa is a hard-living but failing prize fighter from an Italian neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Between fights , he works as an enforcer for loan shark Tony Gazzo . The World Heavyweight Champion , Apollo Creed , announces plans to hold a match in Philadelphia during the upcoming United States Bicentennial . However , he is informed five weeks from the fight date that his scheduled opponent , Mac Lee Greene , is unable to compete due to an injured hand . With all other potential replacements booked up or otherwise unavailable , Creed decides to spice things up by giving a local contender a chance to face him . He finds Balboa in the paper , liking his nickname The Italian Stallion and his fighting style , being Southpaw . Rocky meets with promoter Miles Jergens presuming Creed is seeking local sparring partners . Rocky reluctantly agrees to the match , which will pay him $ 150,000 . After several weeks of training , using whatever he can find , including meat carcasses as punching bags , Rocky accepts an offer of assistance from former boxer Mickey Mighty Mick Goldmill , a respected trainer and former bantamweight fighter from the 1920s who always criticized Rocky for wasting his potential . At the same time , Rocky begins a relationship with Adrian , a clerk at the local pet store . He gradually gains the shy Adrian s trust , culminating in a kiss . Her alcoholic brother Paulie becomes jealous of Rocky s success , but Rocky calms him by agreeing to advertise his meatpacking business at the fight . The night before the match , Rocky becomes depressed after touring the arena . He confesses to Adrian that he does not expect to win , but is content to go the distance against Creed and prove himself to everyone . On New Year s Day , the climactic boxing match begins , with Creed making a dramatic entrance dressed as George Washington and then Uncle Sam . Taking advantage of his overconfidence , Rocky knocks him down in the first round—the first time that Creed has ever been knocked down . Humiliated , Creed takes Rocky more seriously for the rest of the fight , though his ego never fully fades . The fight goes on for the full 15 rounds , with both fighters sustaining many injuries ; Rocky suffers his first broken nose and debilitating trauma around the eye , and Creed sustains brutal blows to his ribs with substantial internal bleeding . As the match progresses , Creed s superior skill is countered by Rocky s apparently unlimited ability to absorb punches , and his dogged refusal to be knocked out . As the final round bell sounds , with both fighters locked in each other s arms , they promise to each other that there will be no rematch . After the fight , multiple layers of drama are played out : the sportscasters and the audience go wild , Jergens announces over the loudspeaker that the match was the greatest exhibition of guts and stamina in the history of the ring , and Rocky calls out repeatedly for Adrian , who runs down and comes into the ring as Paulie distracts arena security . As Jergens declares Creed the winner by virtue of a split decision ( 8:7 , 7:8 , 9:6 ) , Adrian and Rocky embrace and profess their love to each other , not caring about the result of the fight .