Joe Moore runs a ring of professional thieves , which includes Bobby Blane , Don Pinky Pincus and Joe s wife Fran . During a robbery of a New York City jewelry store , Joe s face is captured by a security camera after he takes off his mask in an attempt to distract the store s last remaining employee . As both the picture and a witness can identify him , Joe retires from crime and plans to disappear on his sail boat with his wife . This does not sit well with Joe s fence , Mickey Bergman , who runs a garment business as a front . After accruing a number of expenses in setting up another robbery , Bergman decides to withhold the payment due to Joe and his crew . He insists they go through with the other job — robbing an airplane carrying a large shipment of gold . Bergman further insists that his nephew , Jimmy Silk , be a part of the crew . Joe accepts , but a series of shifting loyalties changes the complexity of their task , including Jimmy s interest in Joe s wife and Bergman and Jimmy s belief that Joe s skills are declining . They attempt to rob the plane twice . In their first attempt , while setting up explosive devices along the border of the airport , they are stopped by passing law enforcement officers . While Joe and Bobby talk the officers into leaving , an agitated Jimmy draws his gun but is stopped by the rest of the team from shooting the officers and blowing their cover , so Joe calls the robbery off for the day . He forces his team out of finishing the job after he finds out that Pinky did n't destroy the getaway car , covered in the team s fingerprints . Bergman does n't accept the team s departure and forces them to finish the job . The plane robbery is a series of misdirections . Pinky poses as a guard while Joe , Bobby , and Jimmy pose as airport security personnel . They stop the jet , pretending to be responding to an emergency . They fill a van with what they take from the plane , then move the van to a rented garage on the airport grounds , where they re-brand it and call for a tow truck to have it hauled away . Jimmy betrays the others to steal the gold and Fran . He knocks out Joe and tells Fran he knew Joe changed the plan . He and Fran take the van , but Jimmy finds out that the hidden compartments are filled with metal washers . Joe avoids arrest and returns to the plane in disguise . He and Bobby remove a shipment of goods they had booked on board the same Swiss flight , which they insist now must be driven to its destination due to the plane s delay . Inside the shipment is the stolen gold , which Joe and Bobby melt into long rods . A furious Bergman apprehends Pinky , who is walking his niece to the school bus . Pinky discloses the plan in order to save his niece . Bergman and his crew arrive at Joe s sail boat along with Jimmy and Fran , where they hold Joe at gunpoint . They notice the boat railings are golden . Fran leaves with Jimmy , pleading with Bergman to give Joe some money and let him go . The railings are painted and a hidden Bobby opens fire . Bergman s men are killed and Joe kills Bergman . Bobby gives Joe the address to send his share . Joe waits to meet Fran with a new truck filled with black-painted rods . Fran shows up with Jimmy . They take the truck and the gold . Joe gets into an older truck to leave . A black bar in the truck scrapes the garage door , revealing gold underneath . Joe lifts a tarp in the truck bed , revealing the gold rods . He covers the rods with the tarpaulin and drives away .