David ( Maguire ) and his twin sister Jennifer ( Witherspoon ) lead different high-school social lives . Jennifer is shallow and extroverted ; David is introverted and spends most of his time watching television . One evening while their mother , Sherry ( Jane Kaczmarek ) , is away , they fight over the TV . Jennifer wants to watch a concert on MTV , but David wants to watch a marathon of Pleasantville , a black and white 1950s sitcom about the idyllic Parker family , who live in the squeaky-clean suburb of Pleasantville , Iowa . During the fight , the remote control breaks , and the TV can not be turned on manually . A mysterious TV repairman ( Knotts ) shows up , quizzes David about Pleasantville , then gives him a strange remote control . The repairman leaves , and David and Jennifer resume fighting . However , they are then transported by the remote into the Parkers ' black and white Pleasantville living room in 1958 . David tries to reason with the repairman ( with whom he communicates through the Parkers ' television ) , but he succeeds only in chasing him away . With the remote no longer functioning , David and Jennifer must now pretend they are Bud and Mary Sue Parker , the son and daughter on the show . David and Jennifer witness the wholesome nature of the town , such as a group of firemen who only rescue cats stuck in trees , as there are no fires to fight . David tells Jennifer they must stay in character and not disrupt the lives of the town s citizens , who do not notice any difference between Bud and Mary Sue , and David and Jennifer . To keep the show s plot Jennifer dates a boy from high school , but , due to her impatience , Jennifer skips all forms of storybook romance and has sex with him—a concept unknown to him and everyone else in town . Slowly , Pleasantville begins changing from black and white to color , including flowers and the faces of people who have experienced bursts of emotion and personal transformation ( usually through sex ) . Though against Jennifer s disruption at first , David eventually joins in when he begins to see the shows characters as real people and not just avatars . David introduces Mr. Johnson ( Daniels ) , owner of the cheeseburger joint/soda shop where Bud works , to colorful modern art via a book from the library , sparking in him an interest in painting . Johnson and Betty Parker ( Allen ) fall in love , causing her to leave home , throwing George Parker ( Macy ) , Bud and Mary Sue s father , into confusion . The only people who remain unchanged are the town s fathers , led by the mayor , Big Bob ( Walsh in his final performance ) , who sees the changes eating at the values of Pleasantville . They resolve to do something about their increasingly independent wives and rebellious children . As the townsfolk become more colorful , a ban on colored people is initiated in public venues . Eventually , a riot is touched off by a nude painting of Betty ( painted by Johnson ) on the window of Mr. Johnson s soda shop . The soda shop is destroyed , books are burned , and people who are colored are harassed in the street . As a reaction , the town fathers announce rules preventing people from visiting the library , playing loud music , or using paint other than black , white , or gray . In protest , David and Mr. Johnson paint a colorful mural on a brick wall , depicting their world , prompting their arrest . Brought to trial in front of the town , David and Mr. Johnson defend their actions , and their passion begins to influence the non-colored members of the population into becoming colored . David also eventually arouses enough anger and indignation in Big Bob that the mayor becomes colored as well . The mayor runs off , effectively ending the segregation . With Pleasantville and its populace now in full color , Jennifer and David both reflect on how their actions in changing Pleasantville have changed their own views on how they perceive the real world and their place in it , noting that it had been far more difficult for them to become colorful as opposed to the other townsfolk , and the circumstances that eventually allowed them to . Jennifer stays to finish her education , citing that her poor academic record in the real world would not allow for college . David uses the remote control , now working again , to return to the real world , and surprises his mother with his newfound maturity . The mysterious TV repairman , who had been outside the house in his truck the whole time , smiles as he drives away .