Badlands is set in 1959 and is narrated by the impressionable 15-year-old Holly Sargis ( Spacek ) , a teenage girl living in a dead-end South Dakota town called Fort Dupree . Holly lives with her sign painter father , although their relationship has been strained since her mother died of pneumonia some years earlier . One day she meets the 25-year-old garbage collector Kit Carruthers ( Sheen ) . Kit is a young , troubled greaser , who resembles James Dean , an actor Holly admires . Kit charms Holly , and she slowly falls in love with him . Holly s narration , describing her adventures with Kit in romantic clichĂŠs , is juxtaposed with the gradual revelations of Kit s increasingly antisocial and violent behavior . Holly s father disapproves of the relationship between Kit and Holly , and shoots her dog as a punishment for spending time with him . Kit comes to Holly s house and shoots her father dead . They then fake suicide by burning down the house and go on the run together , making their way towards the badlands of Montana . Kit and Holly build a treehouse in a remote area and live there happily for a time , fishing and stealing chickens for food , but are eventually discovered by bounty hunters . Kit shoots the three bounty hunters dead and the couple flee . They next seek shelter with Kit s friend Cato , but when Cato attempts to deceive them and go for help , Kit shoots him , and also shoots a teenage couple who arrive to visit Cato shortly thereafter . Kit and Holly are hunted across the Midwest by law enforcement . They stop at a rich man s mansion and take supplies , clothing and his Cadillac , but spare the lives of the man and his housemaid . Heading across Montana to Saskatchewan , the police find and pursue them . Holly , who is tired of life on the run and of her relationship with Kit , refuses to go with him and turns herself in . Kit leads the police on a car chase but is soon caught , and enjoys the attention he receives from police and reporters . They admire him and engage with him as he is sitting in their custody , asking him questions and cracking jokes . Kit is later executed for his crimes , while Holly receives probation and marries the son of her defense attorney .