Fifteen-year-old Sarah Williams rehearses a play in the park with her dog Merlin but becomes distracted by a line she is unable to remember while being watched by a barn owl . Realizing she is late to babysit her baby brother Toby , she rushes home and is confronted by her stepmother Irene before she and her father Robert leave for dinner . Sarah has many toys that she has grown out of and realizes that Toby is in possession of her treasured teddy bear Lancelot . Frustrated by this and his constant crying , Sarah rashly wishes Toby be taken away by the Goblin King Jareth , a character in the play she is rehearsing . She is shocked when Toby disappears and the Goblin King confronts her then transports her to his kingdom . He refuses to return the baby , but gives Sarah thirteen hours to solve his Labyrinth and find him before Toby is turned into a goblin forever . Sarah meets a dwarfish man named Hoggle , who aids her in entering the Labyrinth . She has trouble finding turns and corners but then meets a talking worm who inadvertently sends her in the wrong direction . Sarah ends up in an oubliette where she reunites with Hoggle . After they confront Jareth and escape one of his traps , the two encounter a large beast named Ludo . Hoggle cowardly flees while Sarah befriends Ludo . After another riddle , she loses him in a forest . Hoggle encounters Jareth , who gives him a peach and instructs him to give it to Sarah , calling his loyalty into question as he was supposed to lead her out of the maze . Sarah is assaulted by a group of creatures called Firies with detachable body parts who try to remove her head , but Hoggle comes to her aid . She kisses him , and Jareth magically sends them to the swamp of the Bog of Eternal Stench as punishment , where they reunite with Ludo . Sarah , Hoggle , and Ludo meet a guard of the bridge out of the swamp named Sir Didymus , an anthropomorphic Fox Terrier and his Old English Sheepdog steed named Ambrosius . After Ludo howls and summons a trail of rocks to save Sarah from falling into the bog , Didymus joins the group ( Her three new friends are just like some of the toys in her room ) . After the group gets hungry , Hoggle gives Sarah the peach and runs away as she falls into a trance and begins to lose her memories . She has a dream where Jareth comes to her at a masquerade ball , proclaiming his love for her , but she begins to remember and escapes , falling into a junkyard . After an old Junk Lady fails to brainwash her and her memory is jogged , she is rescued by Ludo and Didymus , and they are right outside Goblin City near Jareth s castle . They are confronted by the gate guard , but Hoggle bravely comes to their rescue . Despite his feeling unworthy of forgiveness for his betrayal , Sarah and the others welcome him back , and they enter the city together . Jareth is alerted to their presence and sends his goblin army to stop them , but Ludo howls and summons a mountain of rocks to chase the guards away , and they enter the castle . Sarah insists she must face Jareth alone and promises to call the others if needed . In a room modeled after an Escher staircase , she confronts Jareth while trying to retrieve Toby . She recites the lines from her play , that have told her adventure to that point , but still can not remember the last line . As Jareth begs her to obey him and he will love her , she remembers the line , You have no power over me ! Defeated at the last second , Jareth returns Sarah and Toby home safely and turns into a barn owl , flying away . Realizing how important Toby is to her , she gives him Lancelot and returns to her room . After she hears her father and stepmother come in , she sees her friends in the mirror and realizes even though she is growing up , she still needs them in her life every now and again . In an instant , all of the major characters from the Labyrinth appear in her room for a raucous celebration , and she reunites with Hoggle , Ludo , Didymus , and Ambrosius . As they celebrate , Jareth , in his owl form , watches from outside and then flies away into the night .