Walter Neff ( Fred MacMurray ) , a successful insurance salesman , returns to his office building in downtown Los Angeles late one night . Visibly in pain , he begins dictating a confession into a Dictaphone for his friend and colleague , Barton Keyes ( Edward G. Robinson ) , a brilliant claims adjuster . The story , told primarily in flashback , ensues . Neff first meets the alluring Phyllis Dietrichson ( Barbara Stanwyck ) during a routine house call to remind her husband ( Tom Powers ) that his automobile insurance policy is up for renewal . They flirt , until Phyllis asks how she could take out an accident policy on her husband s life without his knowledge . Neff deduces she is contemplating murder , and makes it clear he wants no part of it . However , he can not get her out of his mind , and when Phyllis shows up at his own home , he can not resist her any longer . Neff knows all the tricks of his trade and devises a plan to make the murder of her husband appear to be an accidental fall from a train that will trigger the double indemnity clause and pay out twice the policy s face value . After Dietrichson breaks his leg , Phyllis drives him to the train station for his trip to Palo Alto for a college reunion . Neff is hiding in the backseat and kills Dietrichson when Phyllis turns onto a deserted side street . Then , Neff boards the train posing as Dietrichson and using his crutches . He makes his way to the last car , the observation car , and steps outside to the open platform to supposedly smoke a cigarette . A complication ensues when he meets a passenger named Jackson ( Porter Hall ) there , but he manages to get the man to leave . Neff then throws the crutches on the railway tracks , jumps off at a prearranged meeting spot with Phyllis , and drags Dietrichson s body onto the tracks by his crutches . Mr. Norton , the company s chief , believes the death was suicide , but Keyes scoffs at the idea , quoting statistics indicating the improbability of suicide by jumping off a slow-moving train , to Neff s hidden delight . Keyes does not suspect foul play at first , but his instincts , to which he refers as the little man , pointing to his stomach , starts nagging . He wonders why Dietrichson did not file a claim for his broken leg , and deduces he did not know about the policy . Keyes tells Neff of his theory outside Neff s apartment , while Phyllis hides behind the door . Keyes soon concludes that Phyllis and some unknown accomplice murdered Dietrichson for the insurance money , but needs more proof . Keyes , however , is not Neff s only worry . The victim s daughter , Lola ( Jean Heather ) , comes to him , convinced that stepmother Phyllis is behind her father s death . Lola s mother also died under suspicious circumstances , when Phyllis was her nurse . Neff begins seeing Lola , at first to keep her from going to the police with her suspicions and then because he is plagued by guilt and a sense of responsibility for her . Keyes brings Jackson to Los Angeles . After examining photographs of Dietrichson , Jackson is sure the man he met was not that old , but at least 15 years younger . Keyes is eager to reject the claim and force Phyllis to sue . Neff warns Phyllis not to go to court and admits he has been talking to Lola about her past . Lola eventually tells him she has discovered her boyfriend , the hotheaded Nino Zachetti ( Byron Barr ) , has been seeing Phyllis behind her ( and Neff s ) back . When Keyes informs Neff that he suspects Nino of being Phyllis s accomplice ( Nino has been spotted repeatedly visiting Phyllis at night ) , Neff sees a way out of his predicament . He arranges to meet Phyllis at her house . He informs her that he knows about her involvement with Nino , and guesses that she is planning to have the other man kill him . He tells her that he intends to kill her and put the blame on Nino . She is prepared , however , and shoots him in the shoulder . Seriously wounded but still standing , he slowly comes closer and dares her to shoot again . She does not , and he takes the gun from her . She says she never loved him until a minute ago , when I could n't fire that second shot . Neff does n't believe a word she says , and as she hugs him tightly , Neff says , Goodbye , baby , and shoots twice , killing her . Outside , Neff waits for Nino to arrive ( something Neff had orchestrated ) . Neff advises him not to enter the house and instead go to the woman who truly loves you : Lola . Nino is reluctantly convinced and leaves as told . Neff drives to his office and starts speaking into his Dictaphone , as seen at the film s opening . Keyes arrives unnoticed and hears enough to know the truth . Keyes sadly tells him , Walter , you re all washed up . Neff tells Keyes he is going to Mexico rather than face the gas chamber , but sags to the floor from his injury and blood loss before he can reach the elevator . A weakened Neff tells Keyes the reason he could n't figure the case out was beacause the guy he was looking for was too close , right across the desk from you . When Keyes replies closer than that , Walter . Neff replies that he loves Keyes too . As Neff had done lighting Keyes ' cigars for him throughout the film , Keyes lights Neff s cigarette as they await the police and an ambulance .