Clinical psychologist Dr. Chris Kelvin is approached by emissaries for DBA , a corporation operating a space station orbiting the planet Solaris , who relay a message sent from his scientist friend Dr. Gibarian . Gibarian requests that Kelvin come to the station to help understand an unusual phenomenon but is unwilling to explain more . DBA is unsure how to proceed , as the mission to study Solaris has been sidetracked and none of the astronauts want to return home . In addition , DBA has lost contact with the security patrol recently dispatched to the station . Kelvin agrees to a solo mission to Solaris as a last attempt to bring the crew home safely . Upon arriving at Solaris Station , Kelvin learns that Gibarian has committed suicide and most of the crew have either died or disappeared under bizarre circumstances . Both surviving crew members , Snow and Dr. Gordon , are reluctant to explain the situation at hand . Once alone in his quarters , Kelvin dreams about his dead wife Rheya — reliving when they first met and some of their most romantic and intimate moments . He awakens shocked and terrified to encounter Rheya , apparently alive again beside him in bed , and he leads her into an escape pod and jettisons it into space . Kelvin confides his actions to Snow and comes to understand that replicas of the crew s loved ones have been mysteriously appearing . When Rheya manifests a second time Kelvin lets her stay , but she admits she does not feel human ; her memories feel artificial , in that she lacks the emotional attachment that comes with actually having lived them . Through numerous flashbacks , Kelvin and Rheya s meeting and courtship are explored , with hints as to her disturbed upbringing and emotional difficulties . It is also gradually revealed through these flashbacks that Rheya once terminated a pregnancy but did not tell Kelvin about it . When he discovered her choice he was distraught and walked out on her . Rheya then committed suicide and was later found by Kelvin when he returned for her . Kelvin , Rheya , Snow and Gordon meet to discuss the situation and Gordon tells Rheya what Kelvin did to her previous replica . An appalled Rheya abandons the meeting . Kelvin confronts Gordon , who in turn chastises him for getting emotionally involved with something that is not really human and may eventually pose a threat to human beings on the station as well as on Earth . Later during a dream , Kelvin questions a replica of Gibarian as to what Solaris s motives are for providing the manifestations , but he is told there are no answers , only choices . Kelvin wakes to find Rheya dead , having committed suicide by drinking liquid oxygen . But she quickly self-resurrects , and it is revealed that other manifestations who have died ' have done the same . Gordon develops an apparatus which can permanently destroy a replica but Kelvin objects to using it on Rheya . Driven by his own grief and guilt over the real ' Rheya s death on Earth , he begins ingesting a chemical stimulant to stay awake in order to monitor Rheya , trying to avoid repeating the past and essentially abandoning her to suicide . Kelvin eventually falls asleep and Rheya successfully petitions Gordon to destroy her with the apparatus as she has done for her own replica ( s ) . Traumatized , Kelvin confronts Dr. Gordon who maintains she merely facilitated in assisted suicide and only strives for the preservation of the humans on the station . Kelvin and Gordon then discover Snow s body stashed away in a ceiling vent and realize that the Snow they have been interacting with is a replica . Snow admits to being a replica and explains that upon being dreamed into existence , he was attacked by his creator and thus killed the original Snow in self-defense . The Snow replica tells them that repeat usage of the apparatus has drained the ship s fuel cell reactor , making a return trip to Earth impossible . Furthermore , Solaris has reacted to the behavior of the humans by exponentially ' increasing its mass , thereby gravitationally pulling the space station inexorably toward the planet . Gordon and Kelvin begin prepping a smaller space vehicle called Athena to escape . Kelvin gives up the idea of boarding the lifeboat , and Doctor Gordon leaves him behind . As the plummeting space station rattles itself to pieces around him , a replica of Gibarian s young son appears and offers his hand in assistance . Kelvin is then shown struggling to return to normal life on Earth whilst ruminating on the idea that he remembered her wrong - that is , Rheya as being invariably suicidal . He accidentally cuts his finger while chopping vegetables in his kitchen , but the wound immediately heals , and he realises that he has only glimpsed a possible future and that he is still on Solaris , since an artificial environment has apparently been created by Solaris for his continued survival on the planet . Or maybe the original Kelvin died aboard the wrecked space station and has been replaced by a replica of himself without realising it . But even his perception of this home away from home could merely be a temporary convenience , because when Rheya appears to him yet again , she replies to a question of his with an implication that they have transcended the conventional meanings of life ' and death ' and that all they have done to each other is forgiven .