The wedding of Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann is interrupted by Lord Cutler Beckett of the East India Trading Company , who has arrest warrants for the couple as well as for Commodore James Norrington , for allowing Captain Jack Sparrow to escape execution . Norrington s whereabouts are uncertain , as he resigned after his obsessive pursuit of Sparrow resulted in the Navy s flagship , HMS Dauntless , being destroyed in a typhoon . Elizabeth is imprisoned , but Beckett promises to free her if Will tracks down Jack and brings Beckett Jack s magic compass which points to whatever the holder wants most . Shortly after , Governor Swann tries to escape Port Royal with Elizabeth but is captured . Elizabeth negotiates with Beckett to let her escape to find the compass herself , and she hides aboard a Scottish merchant vessel , the Edinburgh Trader . On the Black Pearl , Jack reunites with Will’s father Bootstrap Bill , who reveals he is a crewman on the Flying Dutchman , captained by Davy Jones , whom Jack previously made a deal with to raise the Pearl from the depths . Jack must join Jones ' crew or be dragged to Davy Jones ' Locker by the monstrous Kraken . Will eventually finds Jack s crew on an island ruled by cannibals , who worship Jack as a god , from which they escape . The crew meet voodoo priestess Tia Dalma ( Naomie Harris ) , who tells them Jones’ weakness is his heart , locked within the Dead Man’s Chest . Locating the Dutchman , Will is shanghaied into service while Jones sends Jack to bring him one-hundred souls so his blood debt can be paid . On the Dutchman , Will meets his father , and learns that the chest s key is in Jones ' possession . After playing a game of liar s dice against Davy Jones , Bootstrap helps Will escape with the key , but Jones sends the Kraken after him , sinking the Edinburgh Trader . In Tortuga , Jack hires a new crew , including Elizabeth , and Norrington , now a drunk . All parties arrive on Isla Cruces where the chest is buried but a three-way sword fight breaks out between Jack , Will , and Norrington who all want the heart for their respective goals : Jack wants to call off the Kraken , Will wants to rescue his father , and Norrington wants to regain his life . In the chaos , Jack obtains Jones ' heart and hides it in a jar of dirt , but Norrington secretly steals the heart and runs off pretending to lure away the Dutchman’s crew . Jones attacks the Pearl with the Kraken , which devours most of the crew and destroys all but one of the Pearl s lifeboats , but Jack , who briefly fled , returns and wounds it with a net full of explosives . Jack orders the survivors to abandon ship , but Elizabeth manacles him to the mast so that the crew can escape the Kraken . Jack manages to break free , but is dragged down to the bottom of the sea by the Kraken . Jones discovers his heart is missing and rages . In Port Royal , Norrington approaches Beckett and gives him the heart and Letters of Marque meant for Jack , allowing him back into the navy as well as allowing Beckett to gain control of Davy Jones and the seas . The Pearl’s crew take shelter with Tia Dalma , where they all agree to rescue Jack . Tia Dalma introduces the captain that will guide them : the resurrected Captain Barbossa . In a post-credits scene , the cannibalistic tribe now worships a dog in replacement of Jack .