The setting for the story is an ant colony in Central Park in New York City . The protagonist is Z-4195 ( Woody Allen ) , or Z for short , a neurotic and pessimistic worker ant living in a wholly totalitarian society who longs for the opportunity to truly express himself . His friends include fellow worker Azteca ( Jennifer Lopez ) and a soldier ant , Weaver ( Sylvester Stallone ) . Z meets Princess Bala ( Sharon Stone ) at a bar where she goes to escape from her suffocating royal life and falls in love with her . To see Bala again , Z exchanges places with Weaver and joins the army . He marches with the ranks , befriending a staff sergeant named Barbatus ( Danny Glover ) in the process . He is unaware that the army s leader and Bala s fiancĂŠ General Mandible ( Gene Hackman ) is secretly sending all the soldiers loyal to the Queen Ant ( Anne Bancroft ) to die so he can begin to build a colony filled with powerful ants . At the base of a tree near nightfall , Z realizes he is actually marching into battle , and all of the soldiers except for Z are killed by acid-shooting termites . Following the battle , all Z can find of Barbatus is his head . Before he dies , Barbatus tells Z to think for himself rather than follow orders all his life , leaving Z saddened and depressed . Z returns home and is hailed as a war hero , even though he did not do anything and was traumatized by the fighting . He is also congratulated by the secretly irate General Mandible , and is brought before the Queen Ant . There he meets Bala , who eventually recognizes him as a worker . When Z finds that he has been cornered , he panics and pretends to take Bala hostage to trick the queen s guards into letting him leave rather than imprison him . They then escape from a magnifying glass and hide . Z begins searching for Insectopia , a legendary insect paradise that a drunken bar patron named Grebs ( John Mahoney ) told him about . After an argument , Bala nearly tries to return to the colony on her own , but quickly rejoins Z after an encounter with a praying mantis . Word of the incident immediately spreads through the colony and Z s act of individuality sparks a revolution in the workers and a few soldier ants as well , grinding productivity to a halt . Seeing an opportunity to gain control , General Mandible publicly portrays Z as a war criminal who only cares about himself . Mandible then promotes the glory of conformity and promises them a better life which he claims to be the reward of completing a Mega Tunnel planned by himself . However , Colonel Cutter ( Christopher Walken ) , Mandible s second-in-command , slowly begins to have second thoughts about Mandible s plans and develops sympathy for the worker ants . After some misdirection , Z and Princess Bala stop by a picnic blanket , where they meet two wasps , Chip ( Dan Aykroyd ) and Muffy ( Jane Curtin ) . The human owning the picnic swats Muffy , and Z and Bala end up on a dramatic ride on the human s Reebok shoes . Finally , Z and Bala find Insectopia , which consists of a human waste-bin overfilled with decaying food . Bala begins to reciprocate Z s feelings . After interrogating Weaver , Mandible learns that Z is looking for Insectopia . Knowing of the place s existence , Mandible sends Cutter to retrieve the Princess and possibly kill Z . Later that night , Z gathers more stuff to burn at the fire as Cutter arrives in Insectopia . After asking for where Bala is from the inhabitants , Cutter forcefully flies Bala back to the colony against her will . Z finds them gone and makes his way to rescue Bala , aided by Chip , who has made himself drunk grieving over the loss of Muffy . Z arrives at the colony where he finds that Bala is being held captive in General Mandible s office . After rescuing her , he learns that General Mandible s Mega Tunnel leads straight to a body of water ( the puddle next to Insectopia ) which Mandible will use to drown the Queen Ant and the workers who have gathered at the opening ceremony . Bala goes to warn the workers and her mother at the ceremony , while Z goes to the tunnel exit to prevent the workers from digging any further . He fails , however , and the water leaks in . Z and Bala unify the workers into a single working unit and build a towering ladder of ants towards the surface as the water continues to rise . Meanwhile , General Mandible and his soldiers are gathered at the surface , where he explains to them his vision of a new colony with none of the weak elements of the colony . He is interrupted , however , when the workers successfully claw their way to the surface and break through . Mandible angrily tries to kill Z , but is stopped by Cutter who finally rebels against Mandible and instead tries to help Z and the worker ants out of the hole for the good of the colony . The enraged Mandible charges toward Cutter , but Z pushes Cutter out of the way at the last minute and is tackled into the flooded colony with Mandible . Mandible is killed when he lands upon a root while Z falls into the water . Taking charge , Cutter orders the other soldier ants to help the workers and the Queen Ant onto the surface while he himself rescues Z from the water . Although it seems that Z is dead , Bala successfully resuscitates him . Z is lauded for his heroism and marries Bala . Together they rebuild the colony , transforming the colony from a conformist military state into a community that values each and every one of its members .