In 1991 Los Angeles , slacker Jeff the Dude Lebowski ( Jeff Bridges ) is assaulted in his home by two hired goons ( Mark Pellegrino and Philip Moon ) who demand money that the wife of a Jeffrey Lebowski owes to a man named Jackie Treehorn ( Ben Gazzara ) . The two soon realize they have attacked the wrong Jeffrey Lebowski and leave , but not before one of them urinates on the Dude s rug . The Dude meets his bowling friends , the timid Donny ( Steve Buscemi ) and the temperamental Vietnam veteran Walter Sobchak ( John Goodman ) . Encouraged by Walter , the Dude approaches the other Jeffrey Lebowski ( David Huddleston ) , the eponymous Big Lebowski , a cantankerous elderly wheelchair-bound millionaire , to seek compensation for his ruined rug . Though his request is promptly refused , he craftily steals one of Lebowski s rugs by telling Brandt ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ) , Lebowski s sycophantic assistant , that his boss told him to take any rug in the house . The Dude subsequently meets Bunny ( Tara Reid ) , Lebowski s young nymphomaniacal trophy wife . Days later , Lebowski contacts the Dude stating that Bunny has been kidnapped . Lebowski wants the Dude to deliver a briefcase containing a million-dollar ransom and see if he can recognize the culprits . Later , a different pair of thugs appear in the Dude s apartment , knock him unconscious , and take Lebowski s rug . When Bunny s kidnappers call to arrange delivery of the ransom , Walter suggests they give the kidnappers a ringer instead , namely a briefcase filled with dirty underwear laundry . The kidnappers grab the ringer and leave . Later that night , the Dude s car is stolen , with the real ransom briefcase still inside . Jeffrey Lebowski s daughter Maude ( Julianne Moore ) contacts the Dude and reveals she took the rug , explaining that Bunny is one of Jackie Treehorn s porn stars . She reckons that Bunny kidnapped herself and asks the Dude to recover the ransom which Lebowski illegally withdrew from the family s foundation . Lebowski is angry that the Dude failed to deliver the ransom and shows him a severed green-painted toe , allegedly belonging to Bunny , delivered by the kidnappers . Later , a gang of German nihilists ( Peter Stormare , Torsten Voges , and Flea ) invade the Dude s apartment and threaten him , identifying themselves as the kidnappers . Maude says the German nihilists are actually Bunny s friends . The Dude s car is found by the police without the ransom money , and he reclaims it . Later , while cruising around in the car , The Dude finds the homework assignment of a high school student named Larry inside . Taking this to mean that Larry was the one who stole the car , Walter and The Dude go to his house , believing Larry has also stolen the money . When Larry refuses to respond to Walter and the Dude s threats , Walter wrecks a new sports car parked outside which they assume Larry bought with the money . However , a neighbor rushes outside , reveals himself as having just bought the car and angrily wrecks The Dude s car in revenge , thinking it to be Walter s . The Dude is forcibly brought before Treehorn , who asks about the whereabouts of Bunny and says he wants the money she owes him . He drugs the Dude s White Russian cocktail , leading to an unconscious dream sequence involving Maude and bowling . The Dude comes to in police custody , where he is verbally and physically assaulted by the Malibu police chief . During the cab ride home , the Dude gets thrown out after he asks the cab driver to simply change the radio station . A red sports car zooms past and the viewer sees that Bunny is driving , with all her toes intact . The Dude finds his bungalow completely trashed and is greeted by Maude , who seduces him . He figures that Treehorn drugged him so that his goons could look for the ransom money at the Dude s home . After Maude has sex with him , she says she hopes to conceive a child ; the Dude is about to protest the idea of being a father but Maude tells him that he does n't have to have a hand in the child s upbringing . Maude also explains that her father has no money : her mother was the wealthy one and she left her money exclusively to the family charity . The Dude later tells Walter that he now understands the whole story : when Lebowski—who apparently hated his wife—heard that Bunny was kidnapped , he withdrew money from the foundation , kept it for himself , and gave the Dude a briefcase without any money in it , saying that it contained a million dollar ransom . The kidnapping was also a ruse : when Bunny took an unannounced trip , her friends ( the nihilists ) faked a kidnapping to be able to extort money from Lebowski . Walter and the Dude confront the Big Lebowski , who refuses to admit responsibility , but is thrown out of his wheelchair by Walter , who believes that he s faking his paralysis . The affair apparently over , the Dude and his bowling teammates return to the bowling alley . When they leave , they are confronted in the parking lot by the nihilists who have set the Dude s car on fire . They , once again , demand the ransom money . After hearing what the Dude and Walter know , the nihilists try to mug them anyway . Walter violently overcomes all three , biting the ear off one of them . However , in the excitement , Donny suffers a fatal heart attack . Walter and the Dude go to the beach to scatter Donny s ashes . Walter turns an informal eulogy into a tribute to the Vietnam War . After accidentally covering the Dude with Donny s ashes , and after a brief argument , Walter hugs him and says , Come on , Dude . Fuck it , man . Let s go bowling . At the bowling alley , the story s narrator ( Sam Elliott ) tells the viewer that Maude is pregnant with a little Lebowski and expresses his hope that the Dude and Walter will win the bowling tournament .