In 1988 , the U.S. Ohio-class submarine USS Montana has an encounter with an unidentified submerged object and sinks near the Cayman Trough . With Soviet ships moving in to try to salvage the sub and a hurricane moving over the area , the U.S. government opts to send a SEAL team to Deep Core , a privately-owned experimental underwater drilling platform near the Cayman Trough to use as a base of operations . The platform s designer , Dr. Lindsey Brigman , insists on coming along with the SEAL team , despite her estranged husband Virgil Bud Brigman being the current foreman . During initial investigation of the Montana , a power outage in the team s submersibles leads to Lindsey seeing a strange light circling the sub . At the same time , one of Deep Core s crew , Jammer , damages his breathing apparatus in an apparent panic , and falls into a coma . This prompts the admiral in charge of the operation to send Lt. Coffey , the SEAL team leader , to take one of the mini-subs and recover a Trident missile warhead from the Montana , just as the storm hits above . Coffey does not get permission from the Deep Core crew . The Benthic Explorer , which Deep Core is tethered to , is rocked by the storm , and the cable crane is torn from the ship . The crane falls into the trench and , without the mini-sub to disconnect the cable , Deep Core is dragged towards the trench , stopping just short of it . The rig is partially flooded , killing several crew members and damaging its power systems . Coffey shows little remorse when he and his SEALs return to the damaged base . Lindsey is sent in dive gear to retrieve some oxygen bottles from a damaged portion of the rig to give the crew enough time to wait out the storm . While working , she s accosted by a small , maneuverable pink/purple device , followed by a much larger one . Before she can take a picture as proof , the large craft zooms downward into the trench , leaving her to take fuzzy , smeared pictures of the smaller one following it . She coins the term non-terrestrial intelligence , or NTI . As the crew struggles against the cold , they find an NTI has formed a living column of water and is exploring the base . Though they treat it with curiosity , Coffey is agitated by it and cuts it in half by closing a pressure bulkhead on it , causing it to retreat . The crew becomes convinced that Coffey is suffering paranoia from high-pressure nervous syndrome . Spying on him through a remote operated vehicle , they find he and another SEAL are arming the warhead to attack the NTIs , and race to stop him . Bud fights Coffey but Coffey escapes in a mini-sub with the primed warhead , and Bud and Lindsay give chase in the other sub . Coffey is able to launch the warhead into the trench , but his sub is damaged and drifts over the edge of the trough , and he is crushed when the sub implodes from high pressures . The other mini-sub is also damaged and is taking on water ; with only one functional diving suit , Lindsay opts to enter deep hibernation when the ocean s cold water engulfs her , and Bud swims back with her body to the platform . There , he and the crew administer CPR and revive her . Bud and Lindsay reaffirm their lost love . One SEAL , unaware of Coffey s plan at the time , helps to locate the warhead , stopped on a ledge several thousand feet down the trench . Bud volunteers to use an experimental diving suit equipped with a liquid breathing apparatus to survive to that depth , though he will only be able to communicate through a keypad on the suit . Bud begins his dive , assisted by Lindsay s voice keeping him coherent against the effects of the mounting pressure , and reaches the warhead . The SEAL guides him in disarming it , but his only light source is yellow , making two high-contrast striped wires appear identical , forcing him to make a 50-50 choice on which wire to cut . With nearly no oxygen left in the system , Bud types out that he knew this was a one-way trip , and tells Lindsay he loves her . As he waits for death , an NTI approaches Bud and takes his hand . He is guided to an alien ship deeper in the trench . Deep inside , the NTI creates an atmospheric pocket for Bud , allowing him to breathe normally . The NTI plays back Bud s message to his wife and the two look at each other with understanding . On Deep Core the crew is waiting for rescue when they see a message from Bud that he met some friends and warning them to hold on . The base shakes and lights from the trench bring the arrival of the alien ship . It rises to the ocean s surface , with Deep Core and several of the surface ships run aground on its hull . The crew of Deep Core leave the platform , surprised they are n't suffering from decompression sickness , when they see Bud walking out of the alien ship . Lindsay races to hug Bud .