Marko Alexandrovich Ramius , a Lithuanian submarine commander in the Soviet Navy , intends to defect to the United States with his officers on board the experimental nuclear submarine Red October , a Typhoon-class vessel equipped with a revolutionary stealth propulsion system that makes audio detection by sonar extremely difficult . The result is a strategic weapon platform that is capable of sneaking its way into American waters and launching nuclear missiles with little or no warning . The strategic value of Red October was not lost upon Ramius , but other factors have spurred his decision to defect . His wife , Natalia , died at the hands of a doctor who was incompetent and intoxicated ; however , the doctor escaped punishment due to his status as the son of a Politburo member . Natalia s untimely death , combined with Ramius ' long-standing dissatisfaction with the callousness of Soviet rule and his fear of Red October s destabilizing effect on world affairs , exhausts his tolerance for the failings of the Soviet system . As the ship leaves the shipyard at Polyarny , Ramius kills Ivan Putin , his political officer , to ensure that Putin will not interfere with the defection . Before sailing , Ramius had sent a letter to Admiral Yuri Padorin , Natalia s uncle , brazenly stating his intention to defect . The Soviet Northern Fleet therefore sails out to sink Red October under the pretext of a search and rescue mission . Meanwhile , Jack Ryan , a high-level CIA analyst and an ex-Marine , flies from London to Langley , Virginia , to deliver MI6 s photographs of Red October to the Deputy Director of Intelligence . Ryan consults a friend at the U.S . Naval Academy , ex-submariner Skip Tyler , and finds out that Red October s new construction variations house its stealth drive . Red October passes near USS Dallas , a Los Angeles class submarine under the command of Cdr . Bart Mancuso , which is patrolling the entrance of a route used by Soviet submarines in the Reykjanes Ridge off Iceland . Dallas hears the sound of the stealth drive but does not identify it as a submarine . Putting information about Ramius ' letter together with the subsequent launch of the entire Northern Fleet , Ryan deduces Ramius ' plans . The U.S. military reluctantly agrees , while planning for contingencies in case the Soviet Fleet has intentions other than those stated . As tensions rise between the U.S. and Soviet fleets , the crew of Dallas analyze sonar tapes of Red October and finally realize that it is the sound of a new propulsion system . Ryan must contact Ramius to prevent the loss of the submarine and her decisive technology . After it is revealed that Ramius has informed Moscow of his plan for him and his officers to defect , Ryan becomes responsible for shepherding Ramius and his vessel away from the pursuing Soviet fleet , and meets with an old Royal Navy acquaintance , Admiral White , commanding a task force from the aircraft carrier HMS Invincible . In order to convince the Soviets that Red October has been destroyed , the U.S. Navy rescues her crew after Ramius fakes a reactor meltdown . Ramius and his officers stay behind , claiming they are about to scuttle the submarine to prevent it getting into the hands of the Americans . A decommissioned U.S. ballistic missile submarine , the USS Ethan Allen , is blown up underwater as a deception . A depth gauge taken from the main instrument panel of Red October ( with the appropriate serial number ) is made to appear as if it was salvaged from the wreckage . Meanwhile , Ryan , Captain Mancuso and some of his crew , and Owen Williams ( a Russian-speaking British officer from Invincible ) board Red October and meet Ramius face-to-face . The deception efforts succeed in convincing Soviet observers that Red October has been lost . However , GRU intelligence officer Igor Loginov , masquerading as Red October s cook , is aware of what Ramius is doing and attempts to ignite a missile rocket motor inside a launch tube so as to destroy Red October . Loginov opens fire with his weapon , killing Captain Lieutenant Kamarov ( the ship s navigator ) and seriously wounding Ramius and Williams . Ryan attempts to persuade the fiercely patriotic Loginov to surrender rather than die in the explosion , but Loginov refuses . Ryan manages to kill Loginov in the submarine s missile compartment . Captain Viktor Tupolov , a former student of Ramius and commander of the Soviet Alfa-class attack submarine V. K. Konovalov , has been trailing what he initially believes is an Ohio-class vessel . Based on acoustical signature information , Tupolev realizes that it is Red October , and proceeds to pursue and engage it . The two U.S. submarines escorting Red October are unable to fire due to rules of engagement , and Red October is damaged by a torpedo from the Alfa . After a tense standoff , Red October rams Konovalov broadside and sinks it . The Americans escort Red October safely into dry dock in Norfolk , Virginia , where Ramius and his crew are taken to a CIA safehouse to begin their Americanization . Ryan is commended by his superiors and flies back to his posting in London .