Aaron Boone dreams of Midian , a city where monsters are accepted . At the request of girlfriend Lori Winston , Boone is seeing psychotherapist Dr. Phillip Decker , who convinces Boone that he committed a series of murders . Decker is actually a masked serial killer who has murdered several families . Decker drugs Boone with LSD disguised as lithium and orders Boone to turn himself in . Before he can , Boone is struck by a truck and taken to a hospital . There , Boone overhears the rants of Narcisse who seeks to enter Midian . Convinced that Boone is there to test him , Narcisse gives Boone directions before tearing the skin off his face . Boone makes his way to Midian , a city beneath a massive graveyard . He encounters supernatural creatures Kinski and Peloquin . Kinski says that they should bring him below , but Peloquin refuses to allow in a normal human . Boone claims to be a murderer , but Peloquin smells his innocence and attacks him . Boone escapes only to encounter a squad of police officers led by Decker . Boone is gunned down after Decker tries to get him to turn himself in and then yells that Boone has a gun . Due to Peloquin s bite , Boone returns to life in the morgue . When he returns to Midian , he finds Narcisse there and he is inducted into their society by the Nightbreed s leader Dirk Lylesburg . In an initiation ceremony , he is touched by the blood of their deity Baphomet . Seeking to understand why Boone left her , Lori investigates Midian . She befriends a woman named Sheryl Anne and drives out to the cemetery with her . Leaving Sheryl Anne at the car , Lori explores the cemetery , where she finds a dying creature . A female Nightbreed named Rachel pleads for Lori to take it out of the sunlight . Once in the shadows , it transforms into a little girl who is Rachel s daughter Babette . Lori asks after Boone , but is rebuffed by Lylesburg and scared off by Peloquin . While leaving the cemetery , Lori discovers Sheryl Anne s corpse and her killer Decker . Decker attempts to use Lori to draw Boone out of hiding . Boone rescues Lori and Decker learns that Boone can not be killed due to his transformation . Decker escapes and Boone takes Lori into Midian . Rachel explains to Lori that the monsters of folklore were peaceful beings who were hunted to near-extinction by humans . Boone and Lori are banished from Midian by Lylesburg . Decker learns how to kill the Nightbreed and murders the residents of the hotel where Boone and Lori are staying . When Boone discovers the crime scene , he is unable to control his thirst for blood and begins drinking . The police find Boone and take him into custody . At Decker s urging , the police form a militia led by Police Captain Eigerman . A drunken priest named Ashberry joins them as God s servant in their upcoming battle against Midian . Lori , Rachel and Narcisse rescue Boone , and the four return to Midian where Boone convinces the Nightbreed to stand and fight . During the battle , Ashberry learns that there are women and children among the Nightbreed . When he tries halting the attack , he is beaten by Eigerman . Ashberry finds the idol of Baphomet and swears allegiance to it . When he is splashed by its blood , he is burned and transformed . Boone learns from Lylesburg that Baphomet plans to destroy Midian . Boone argues to release the Berserkers , a monstrous feral breed that were imprisoned due to their insanity . When Lylesburg is killed before he can open the cages , Boone releases them and the Beserkers turn the tide of battle . Decker confronts Boone and is killed . When Boone faces Baphomet , Baphomet says that Boone has caused the end of Midian which has been foretold . Baphomet charges Boone with finding a new home for the Nightbreed and renames him Cabal . Boone leaves Midian with Lori and meets with the remaining Nightbreed in a barn where he says his goodbyes to Narcisse and promises to find a place where they will be safe . In the ruins of Midian , Ashberry stands in front of Decker s corpse and states that he wants vengeance on Baphomet and the Breed . When he presses Baphomet s blood to Decker s wound , Decker springs back to life with a scream as Ashberry repeatedly hollers Hallelujah .