Sergeant Nicolo Nico Toscani ( Steven Seagal ) , a native of Palermo , Italy , is a detective in the Chicago Police Department’s vice squad . At an early age he became interested in martial arts , and moved to Japan to study . In 1969 , Nico was recruited into the CIA by Special Agent Nelson Fox and was involved in covert operations on the Vietnamese-Cambodian border during the Vietnam War in 1973 . There , he became disgusted with Kurt Zagon , who tortured prisoners . A stand-off occurred when Nico tried to stop a torture session , and he left the CIA . Nico returned to Chicago , joined the CPD , and got married . Nico and his new partner Detective Delores Jacks Jackson ( Pam Grier ) , are now investigating a drug ring , and after busting two of the dealers , including Salvadorian drug dealer Tony Salvano , Nico finds C4 explosives . Shortly afterward , the men that Nico and Jacks arrested are released at the request of Federal officials , and Nico is asked to stand down . Later , the priest of Nico’s parish is killed in an explosion during Mass . Fox calls Nico and tells him to move his family to a safer location , saying that Nico is in danger . Under pressure from the Feds , Nico is asked to turn in his badge . Nico eventually finds that the dealers he busted are linked to Zagon , who is still with the CIA , and who is accused of human rights violations by a Central American priest who was being sheltered by Nico s priest . While Zagon is torturing the priest , Nico bursts in and a gun battle ensues . Detective Lukich ( Ron Dean ) and Jacks are wounded during the shoot-out , and Nico has to flee . Senator Ernest Harrison is investigating Zagon s group to reveal their covert operations and drug dealing . When Nico finds out that Zagon killed the priest and is planning to kill Harrison , he goes after Zagon . Nico confronts Fox , but they are interrupted by Zagon s men . Fox is killed and Nico is captured . Nico is held in the kitchen of a hotel during a Harrison campaign rally . Before Zagon can kill Harrison , Nico breaks free and kills Zagon and all of his remaining men . After , Nico meets Sen. Harrison , who has been informed of everything . Harrison promises justice for what they did and Nico says he is now willing to testify on his experiences with Zagon and covert operations in the CIA . He also warns about keeping CIA and people like them in check in order to prevent them from thinking they are above the law , the root of Zagon´s behaviour .