On October 30 , Devil s Night in Detroit , Police Sergeant Albrecht ( Ernie Hudson ) is at the scene of a crime where Shelly Webster ( Sofia Shinas ) has been beaten and raped , and her fiancĂŠ Eric Draven ( Brandon Lee ) then died on the street outside , having been stabbed , shot , and thrown out of the window . The couple were to be married the following day , on Halloween . As he leaves for the hospital with Shelly , Albrecht meets a young girl , Sarah , who says that she is their friend , and that they take care of her . Albrecht tells her that Shelly is dying . One year later , a crow taps on the grave stone of Eric Draven ; Eric awakens and climbs out of his grave . Meanwhile , a low level street gang , headed by T-Bird ( David Patrick Kelly ) , is setting fires in the city . Eric goes to his old apartment and finds it derelict . He has flashbacks to the murders , remembering that those responsible were T-Bird and his gang : Tin Tin , Funboy , and Skank . Eric soon discovers that any wounds he receives heal immediately . Guided by the crow , he sets out to avenge his and Shelly s murders by killing the perpetrators . The crow helps Eric locate Tin Tin ; Eric kills him by stabbing him in each vital organ ( in alphabetical order ) with his own knives and then takes his coat . He then goes to the pawn shop where Tin Tin pawned Shelly s engagement ring the year before . Eric forces the owner , Gideon , to return the ring . Eric then tosses rings telling Gideon each of them is a life , a life Gideon helped destroy . He lets Gideon live so that he can warn the others , but when Gideon calls Eric street grease , he says , Is that gasoline I smell ? . Terrified , Gideon runs out and Eric blows up the shop , just as Gideon barely escapes . Eric finds Funboy getting high with Sarah s drug-addict mother , Darla . After killing Funboy with an overdose of morphine , Eric talks to Darla , taking the drug out of her arm seemingly by magic and making her realize that Sarah needs her to be a good mother . He visits Albrecht , explaining who he is and why he is here . Albrecht tells him what he knows about Shelly s death and that he watched as she suffered for thirty hours before dying . Eric touches Albrecht and receives from him the pain felt by Shelly during those hours . Sarah and her mother begin to repair their strained relationship . Sarah goes to Eric s apartment and talks to him . She tells him that she misses him and Shelly . Eric explains that , even though they can not be friends anymore , he still cares about her . As T-Bird and Skank stop at a convenience store to pick up some supplies , Eric arrives and kidnaps T-Bird . Skank follows the pair to the docks and witnesses Eric kill T-Bird by tying him to the driver s seat of his car and forcing him to drive it off the edge of the pier where it explodes and sinks into the harbour . Skank escapes and goes to Top Dollar , a top-level criminal who controls all the street gangs in the city . Top Dollar and his lover/half-sister Myca have become aware of Eric s actions through various reports from witnesses . Top Dollar holds a meeting with his associates where they discuss new plans for their Devil s Night criminal activities . Eric arrives looking for Skank . A gun fight ensures the deaths of nearly all present , and Eric kills Skank by throwing him out of a window . Top Dollar , Myca , and Grange , Top Dollar s right-hand man , escape . Eric , having finished his quest , returns to his grave . Sarah goes to say goodbye to him and he gives her Shelly s engagement ring . She is abducted by Grange , who takes her into the church where Top Dollar and Myca are waiting . Through the crow , Eric realizes what has happened and goes to rescue her . Grange shoots the crow as it flies into the church , making Eric lose his invincibility . Myca grabs the wounded crow , intending to take its mystical power . Albrecht arrives , intending to pay his respects to Eric , just after Eric is shot and wounded . Top Dollar grabs Sarah and climbs the bell tower as a fight ensues , and Grange is killed by Albrecht . The crow escapes Myca s grip , pecking her eyes out and sending her down the bell tower to her death . When Albrecht is wounded , Eric climbs to the roof of the church on his own . There , Top Dollar admits ultimate responsibility for what happened to Eric and Shelly . In their fight , Eric , despite being fatally stabbed in the back , gives Top Dollar the thirty hours of pain he absorbed from Albrecht ; the sensation sends Top Dollar over the roof of the church to be impaled on the horns of a gargoyle . Sarah and Albrecht go to the hospital , and Eric is reunited with Shelley at their graves . Sarah ends the film with a narration : If the people we love are stolen from us , the way to have them live on is to never stop loving them . Buildings burn , people die , but real love is forever .