Cristina Moreno ( Shelbie Bruce - Aimee Garcia as narrator ) is applying to Princeton University . For her application essay , she tells the story of her childhood and narrates throughout the movie . Flor Moreno ( Paz Vega ) is a poor Mexican single mother who moved to America to have a better life for her and her daughter , Cristina ( Shelbie Bruce ) . When she could not maintain her two jobs due to the safety of her daughter , Flor s cousin takes her to an job interview as a nanny for the Claskys , consisting of John ( Adam Sandler ) and Deborah Clasky ( TĂŠa Leoni ) , their children Bernice ( Sarah Steele ) and Georgie ( Ian Hayland ) , and Deborah s mother Evelyn Wright ( Cloris Leachman ) . John is a man who cares about cooking good food and raising his kids . Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother , and Evelyn is a raging alcoholic . Deborah is uptight and her neurotic behavior often upsets the family : she mentally abuses her daughter to exercise by buying her smaller-sized clothes and putting her down for certain behaviors , and she mentally abuses her husband by telling him to co-parent with her on their son , but she really wants him to be submissive to her parenting instead . John is more laid back and supports the mental well-being of his children , but he feels he can not stand up to Deborah on her parenting and often leaves it as it is . Summer comes and Flor is needed 24/7 at the Claskys ' summer home . Unable to communicate well in English , Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret . Flor admits she is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter ; out of desperation to keep Flor as their nanny , Deborah invites Cristina to come stay with them , acting as interpreter for her mother . Deborah immediately becomes attached to Cristina when she first arrived due to her beauty and begins to treat her more like a daughter than Bernice , taking Cristina shopping , buying her gifts , and getting her hair done . To make Cristina feel more comfortable , John gives the children a small glass-collecting project in which they receive money and includes Cristina . She was given $ 640 for her glass collection , which Flor finds out . The two argue with Cristina as the interpreter , and Flor wants to leave because of the awkwardness it will create afterwards , but John coaxed her into staying . She begins to learn English so she can communicate better with the Claskys . In the meantime , John opens a new restaurant , but falls into a temporary depression because of the stress of the business , and Deborah is having an affair , dressing provocatively and leaving only at nighttime . She enrolls Cristina into a private school with Bernice , upsetting Flor , who wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values . She feels Deborah is overstepping her bounds and voices her objection to John , who tells her he is just as stressed because Bernice has no support system from her own mother . Summer is over and it is Cristina s and Bernice s first day of school ; that afternoon , Cristina was allowed to bring friends back to the Clasky s home from school , but not Bernice . Deborah tries to cover for Cristina to keep her there , but an angry Flor marches to her place . The now-sober Evelyn realizes that her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is in trouble . She pleads with Deborah to end the affair , telling her she will never get another man as good as John . Deborah confesses to John that she cheated on him and begs him to stay so the two could talk everything over ; however , John walks out and bumps into Flor , who was trying to tell him that she is quitting . He offers to give Flor a ride in his car , but he wanted to hang out when they arrived at her bus stop , and they ended up going to his restaurant , where he cooks for Flor . They become extremely close to the point of falling in love , but Flor is afraid of the consequences of having an affair while they both have kids . While the two enjoyed the conversation of their lives , Flor tells John she loves him , but leaves him before he could kiss her . Deborah , though , becomes desperate and seeks to call John , but Evelyn prevents her from doing so . She blames Evelyn s mistakes as a mother that led Deborah to cheating on her husband ; the two become closer as mother and daughter . Flor quits and takes her daughter home , upsetting Cristina , who got along well with the Claskys . On their way home , she tells Cristina that she can not go to the private school anymore , upsetting Cristina even more ; she screams in the middle of the street , accusing Flor of ruining her life . Flor loses patience with Cristina after she asks her mother for space , similar to the Claskys asking for space when they can not solve a problem . Flor explains to her daughter that she must answer the most important question of her life , at a very young age : Is what you want for yourself to become someone very different than me ? Cristina considers this on their bus ride home , and they make up and embrace . Cristina , on her paper in applying to Princeton University , acknowledges that her life rests firmly and happily on the simple fact that she is her mother s daughter .