Peter Gibbons , a programmer at a company called Initech , is frustrated and unmotivated at his job . His co-workers include Samir Nagheenanajar and Michael Bolton , also programmers , and Milton Waddams , a meek collator who is mostly ignored by the rest of the office . The staff is constantly mistreated by management – especially by Initech s smarmy , callous vice president , Bill Lumbergh , who Peter loathes – and is further agitated by the arrival of two consultants , Bob Slydell and Bob Porter , who are brought in to help the company through downsizing and outsourcing . Peter s girlfriend , Anne , persuades him to attend an occupational hypnotherapy session , but the therapist , Dr. Swanson , dies of a heart attack right after hypnotizing Peter . Peter wakes up the next morning newly relaxed , and ignores repeated phone calls both from Anne , who responds by angrily breaking up with him and admitting she has been cheating on him , confirming his friends ' suspicions , and from Lumbergh , who had been expecting Peter to work over the weekend . The following workday , Peter decides to skip work and asks Joanna , a waitress at Chotchkie s , a nearby chain restaurant , out to lunch . Joanna and Peter bond over their shared loathing of idiotic management and love of the television program Kung Fu . When Peter finally shows up at work , he casually disregards office protocol , including violating Initech s dress code , taking Lumbergh s reserved parking spot , refusing to follow Lumbergh s directions , and removing a cubicle wall that blocks his view out the window . The consultants , however , are impressed by his frank insights into the office s problems , and decide to promote him . They also confide that Michael and Samir s jobs will be eliminated , and when Peter relays this news to them , the trio decide to get even by infecting Initech s accounting system with a computer virus designed to divert fractions of pennies into a bank account they control , transactions they believe are small enough to avoid detection , but which over time will result in a substantial amount of money . On Michael and Samir s last day at Initech , Peter takes one last item : a frequently malfunctioning printer , which the three take to a field and smash to pieces to vent their frustration . At a barbecue , Peter learns that Joanna had previously slept with a colleague , identified as Lumbergh . Assuming it to be his boss , he becomes disgusted with Joanna , and after she questions his financial scheme , confronts her , and the two split up . He then discovers that a bug in Michael s code has caused their virus to steal over $ 300,000 ( exactly $ 305,326.13 ) in only a few days , which is far more conspicuous to the company ; Michael put the decimal point in the wrong place . Peter admits to Joanna – who has finally stood up to her boss at Chotchkie s and quit , and whom Peter has discovered had in fact slept with a different Lumbergh – that the scheme was a bad idea and plans to accept responsibility for the crime . He writes a letter confessing everything and slips it and anonymous checks for the stolen money under the door of Lumbergh s office late at night . The next morning , Milton – who has become more and more disgruntled at his treatment by management , to the point that he has mumbled threats about setting the building on fire – enters Lumbergh s office to reclaim a stapler that was taken from him . Fully expecting to be arrested upon arriving at work , Peter instead finds that his problem has solved itself : the Initech building is engulfed in flames , and all evidence of the missing money has been destroyed . Peter finally finds a job that he likes : doing construction work with his next-door neighbor , Lawrence . Samir and Michael both get jobs at Initech s competitor , Initrode . Meanwhile , Milton lounges on the beach at a fancy Mexican resort , complaining about his beverage and threatening to take his business to a competitor ( having picked up Peter s envelope containing the traveller s checks and cashed them in ) .