John Whitney , an anthropologist for the Museum of Natural History in Chicago , studies a tribe in South America and drinks a soup made by the tribesmen . Shortly after , Whitney accosts a merchant ship captain , asking him to remove the cargo he had intended to send to Chicago off the ship . Unwilling to delay the ship s departure , the captain refuses and Whitney sneaks aboard . Not finding his cargo , he cries out . Six weeks later , the ship arrives on the Illinois River with its crew missing . Chicago PD homicide detective Lieutenant Vincent D'Agosta and his partner , Sgt . Hollingsworth , investigate the ship and find dozens of bodies and severed heads in the bilge . Dr. Margo Green , an evolutionary biologist , arrives at work at the museum . She and her mentor , Dr. Frock , examine Whitney s crates . The crates are empty , except for a bed of leaves and a stone statue of the Kothoga , a mythical forest monster . Margo notices a fungus on the leaves and sends it to be analyzed . That night , Fred Ford , a security guard , is murdered like the ship s crew . D'Agosta suspects a connection . Believing the killer is still inside the museum , he orders it closed until the police have finished searching . Dr. Cuthbert , the museum director , protests and mentions an important upcoming exhibition . Margo discovers the fungus contains concentrated hormones found in several animal species . In the container of leaves , she finds a mutated beetle that possesses both insect and reptilian DNA . Ford s autopsy reveals that his hypothalamus was extracted from his brain , like the bodies from the ship . In the museum s basement , the police are startled by a mentally-ill , homeless ex-convict and kill him . Finding Ford s wallet on him , everyone except D'Agosta considers the case closed , though the mayor forces D'Agosta to let the exhibition proceed . On the opening night , D'Agosta orders a lock-down of all museum areas except the main exhibition hall . Dr. Frock and Margo , trapped in the laboratory wing , continue working and discover Ford s killer is after the hormones on the leaves . D'Agosta and several officers search the basement tunnels once again . They are attacked by an unseen creature . D'Agosta tells Hollingsworth to evacuate the museum , but he is too late . In the main hall , the headless body of a murdered policeman falls into the crowd , causing a panic . During the hysteria , the museum s alarms are tripped and their security system goes haywire , trapping a small group of people inside . Two security guards try to restore the power but are killed by an unseen creature . D'Agosta meets Margo and Dr. Frock in the lab , where a Kothoga , an enormous chimeric beast , attacks them ; they close a steel door to stop it . Margo theorizes the fungus mutated a smaller creature , and Dr. Frock says that without the leaves to eat , the Kothoga instinctively seeks the closest substitute , human hypothalami , until it runs out of targets and dies . D'Agosta finds a radio and tells Hollingsworth to lead the museum guests out via an old coal tunnel . Several guests refuse to go ; the Kothoga returns to the main hall and murders them and the S.W.A.T . officers who enter through the skylights . Margo suggests using liquid nitrogen to kill the Kothoga , as it is part-reptilian and likely cold-blooded . While collecting the remaining leaves in the lab , Margo and D'Agosta discover Dr. Frock has been killed . In the sewers , D'Agosta uses the leaves to lure the Kothoga away from the coal tunnel , allowing the guests to escape . However , liquid nitrogen has no effect on the creature . Margo and D'Agosta flee . In the lab , her computer completes the analysis of the creature s human DNA , revealing Whitney is the Kothoga , mutated after drinking the tribesmen s soup . The Kothoga smashes into the lab through the ceiling , while D'Agosta is locked outside . The creature chases Margo , corners her , and suddenly pauses , seemingly recognizing her . Margo starts an explosive fire that destroys the Kothoga , surviving by hiding inside a maceration tank . As dawn comes , D'Agosta and a team of police break into the lab , see the charred remains of the Kothoga , and rescue Margo from the tank .