The year is 1991 ; one year since an unidentified flying object bearing 300,000 enslaved aliens , the Newcomers , landed in the Mojave Desert on planet Earth . Los Angeles later becomes their new home . Matthew Sykes ( Caan ) , a police detective , loses his partner Bill Tuggle ( Brown ) in a shootout . The detectives were trying to stop two Newcomer criminals murdering another Newcomer named Porter at a grocery , in what appeared to be a robbery . The next day , Sykes ' superior Captain Warner ( McCarthy ) , informs his squad that they will have to work with the newly promoted Newcomer detective Sam Francisco ( Patinkin ) . Although biased , Sykes enlists to work with Francisco to investigate a similar homicide with a Newcomer named Warren Hubely ; feeling that if he investigates that crime , he will also find opportunities to investigate his partner s death which he is officially forbidden to do . While unobtrusively trying to establish a connection between the two cases , Francisco at a crime lab detects an abnormality on the body of one of the Newcomer criminals who was killed in the robbery . Later , Sykes and Francisco are led to a nightclub to investigate a link in the killings with a Newcomer named Joshua Strader ( Kober ) . However , they end up interviewing his girlfriend instead , after he is murdered by a criminal ring led by Newcomer businessman William Harcourt ( Stamp ) and his henchman Rudyard Kipling ( Howard ) . Harcourt is in the latter stages of launching advanced plans to exploit the alien race by attempting to mass-produce and sell a drug called Jabroka . The drug was used in the past to pacify the Newcomers when they were slaves , but has no effect on humans . The abnormality noticed by Francisco on the body of the Newcomer criminal earlier , was a visual sign of the drug s influence . In addition , the Newcomers Hubley , Porter and Strader were involved in the planning phases of the operation , but were later murdered due to Harcourt s desire to exclude them from any future financial rewards . Ultimately , Sykes and Francisco track down Harcourt , where he is secretly negotiating a timetable for a release of the potent narcotic . The detectives attempt to foil his plans , as they are later led on a car chase with Harcourt and his cohort Kipling , through the streets of downtown Los Angeles . Following a head-on collision where both parties are injured , Harcourt attempts an escape on foot . Sykes pursues and corners Harcourt onto a desolate drawbridge . Harcourt then purposely overdoses on a sample of the stimulant . As Sykes mistakenly believes he died , Harcourt is taken away by an ambulance , but later mutates into a significantly larger and more muscular Newcomer intent on causing violence . The duo pursue Harcourt , catching up with him near a fishing pier . Sykes later ends up in a physical confrontation with Harcourt in the open sea . Harcourt dies , as his body disintegrates due to the effects of direct contact with salt water , which is hazardous towards Newcomer physiology . Francisco commandeers a police helicopter , and rescues Sykes from the water . With the Tuggle and Newcomer murder cases solved , the authorities dismantle Harcourt s illicit scheme .