In 1975 , biological warfare between China and Russia kills most of the world s population . U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville , M.D . is a scientist based in Los Angeles . As he begins to succumb to the plague himself , he injects himself with an experimental vaccine , rendering himself immune . By 1977 , Neville believes he is the plague s only immune survivor . Struggling to maintain his sanity , he spends his days patrolling the deserted city of Los Angeles , hunting and killing members of The Family , a cult of plague victims who were turned into nocturnal albino mutants . The Family seeks to destroy all technology and kill Neville , who has become a symbol of the science they blame for humanity s downfall . At night , living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry , Neville is a prisoner in his own home . One day , as Neville is in a department store helping himself to new clothing , he spots a woman who quickly runs away . He pursues her outside but later decides he is hallucinating and dismisses the sighting . On another day , the Family finally captures Neville . After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by the family s leader , Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchorman . Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in Dodger Stadium . He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier dismissed as a hallucination , and Dutch , a former medical student . Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors , some of whom are children . Although their youth has given them some resistance to the disease , they are still vulnerable to it and will eventually succumb to mutation . Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine , it would take years to salvage humanity . However , he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own body . Neville and Lisa return to Neville s apartment where they begin treating Lisa s brother Richie , who is succumbing to the disease . Neville and Lisa are about to have a romantic evening together just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off . The Family then attacks , sending Matthias ' second-in-command Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville s building to the open balcony of his apartment . Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator . Neville returns to the apartment to find Zachary right behind an unsuspecting Lisa . Neville shoots him and he falls off the balcony to his death , dropping his spear on the balcony as he goes . If the serum works , Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness , leaving the Family behind to die . Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie . Once cured , Richie reveals the location of The Family s headquarters to Neville , but insists that the Family are also human and that Neville s cure should be administered to them as well . Neville disagrees with him , so Richie goes to the Family by himself to try to convince them to take the serum . Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them , accuses Richie of being sent to spy on them and has him executed . Neville discovers Richie’s body and , enraged , goes on a rampage against the Family . Meanwhile , Lisa quickly and unexpectedly succumbs to the disease and becomes one of the Family . Returning home , Neville tells Lisa about Richie s death , but she already knows and has betrayed Neville by giving Matthias and his followers access to Neville s home . Matthias , who finally has the upper hand , forces Neville to watch as the Family sets his home and equipment on fire . Neville breaks free and , once outside with Lisa , he turns and raises his gun to shoot Matthias , who is looking down from the balcony . The gun jams , giving Matthias enough time to hurl Zachary s spear at Neville , mortally wounding him . The next morning , Dutch and the survivors discover Neville dying in a fountain . He hands Dutch a flask of the blood serum , and then dies . Dutch takes away Lisa ( weakened and compliant because of the sun ) and the survivors as they leave the city forever .