Dante Hicks , a 22-year-old retail clerk at the Quick Stop convenience store in Leonardo , New Jersey , is called into work on his day off by his boss to cover a few hours for another employee who is sick . Arriving at the store , he finds that the locks to the security shutters are jammed closed with chewing gum , so he hangs a sheet over them with a message written in shoe polish : I ASSURE YOU ; WE RE OPEN . Dante s day is spent in the purgatory of serving a succession of customers while repeating the fact that he is not even supposed to be here today . Stressed with the demands of his job , Dante passes time in wide-ranging conversations with his best friend , Randal Graves . Randal is an irresponsible slacker who works in the next-door video store , RST Video , although he spends most of the entire day at the Quick Stop . They converse about many things to pass time , such as whether or not the contractors working on the second Death Star when it was destroyed at the end of Return of the Jedi were innocent victims . Other events of the day include the discovery that Dante s high school girlfriend , Caitlin Bree , whom he has been having early morning phone conversations with , is engaged to be married . Dante s current girlfriend , Veronica Loughran , also stops in to bring him homemade lasagne . The two talk about Dante s stuck-in-a-rut lifestyle with no motivation to change before having an argument about her past sexual partners . Learning that he is stuck working the store all day , as his boss went to Vermont , Dante convinces his friends to play hockey on the store roof , though the game is short ; twelve minutes in , an enraged customer shoots their only ball off the roof and into a sewer . Reopening the store , Dante finds another of his ex-girlfriends has died and her wake is today . Randal talks him into closing the store again and going to the wake . The visit is catastrophic , with Randal and Dante running out to escape in their car . What happened in the wake is not shown , but a subsequent conversation between the two reveals that Randal accidentally knocked over the casket by leaning on it . That night , Caitlin surprises Dante with a visit . After she assures Dante that the engagement announcement was premature and arranged by her mother , the two trade banter and Dante becomes torn between her and Veronica . He finally decides to take Caitlin on a date and goes home to change . He returns to discover that Caitlin had sex with a dead man in the unlit bathroom , having mistaken the man for Dante ( the man had earlier entered the bathroom with a pornographic magazine and had suffered a fatal heart attack while masturbating ) . An ambulance takes a catatonic Caitlin away along with the man s body . Jay and Silent Bob , a pair of slackers who have spent all day loitering ( and dealing marijuana ) outside RST Video , enter the Quick Stop to shoplift . Dante turns down Jay s offer to party with them . Aware of Dante s problem , Silent Bob pauses before following Jay outside and offers the following wisdom : You know , there s a million fine-looking women in the world , dude . But they do n't all bring you lasagna at work . Most of em just cheat on you . Dante then realizes that he loves Veronica . When she returns to the Quick Stop , however , Randal complicates things by revealing that Dante asked Caitlin out . Veronica angrily breaks up with Dante , telling him that Randal informed her of the planned date with Caitlin . When Randal enters the Quick Stop after closing RST , Dante attacks him and the two fight . Afterwards , they lie on the floor exhausted . Dante claims that Randal does nothing for him but make his life miserable by getting him fined , offending his customers , and ruining his relationship . For the first time , Randal loses his temper and verbally explodes , saying that Dante deserves the blame : Dante , not Randal , closed the store to play hockey , closed it again to go to the wake , and closed it yet again to try to hook up with his ex-girlfriend , cheating on his current one in the process . He then says that Dante came to work of his own free will and overcompensates for having a monkey s job . He claims Dante thinks he is more advanced than the customers and storms off with if we re so fucking advanced , what are we doing working here ? leaving Dante speechless on the floor . They reconcile and Dante says he will try to talk to Veronica , visit Caitlin , and possibly get some direction in his life . The film ends with Randal walking out of the store , popping back in briefly to toss Dante s sign at him stating , You re closed !