In Morocco , Frank Cotton buys a puzzle box from a dealer . In a bare attic , when Frank solves the puzzle , hooked chains emerge and tear him apart . Later , the room is filled with swinging chains and covered with the remnants of his body . A black-robed figure picks up the box and returns it to its original state , restoring the room to normal . Some time afterward , Frank s brother Larry moves into the house to rebuild his strained relationship with his second wife , Julia , who had an affair with Frank shortly after their marriage . Larry s teenage daughter , Kirsty , has chosen not to live with them and moves into her own place . Larry cuts his hand carrying a bed up the stairs , and lets his blood drip on the attic floor . The blood resurrects Frank as a skinless corpse , who is soon found by Julia . Still obsessed with Frank , she agrees to harvest blood for him so that he can be fully restored , and they can run away together . Julia begins picking up men in bars and bringing them back to the house , where she murders them . Frank consumes their blood , regenerating his body . Frank explains to Julia that he had exhausted all sensory experiences and sought out the puzzle box , with the promise that it would open a portal to a realm of new carnal pleasures . When solved , the Cenobites came to subject him to the extremes of sadomasochism . Kirsty spies Julia bringing men to the house ; believing her to be having an affair , she follows her to the attic , where she interrupts Frank s latest feeding . Frank attacks her , but Kirsty throws the puzzle box out the window , creating a distraction and allowing her to escape . Kirsty retrieves the box and flees , but collapses shortly thereafter . Awakening in a hospital , Kirsty solves the box , summoning the Cenobites and a two-headed monster , which Kirsty narrowly escapes from . The Cenobites ' leader , Pinhead , explains that although the Cenobites have been perceived as both angels and demons , they are simply explorers from another dimension seeking carnal experiences , and they can no longer differentiate between pain and pleasure . Although they attempt to force Kirsty to return to their realm with them , she informs Pinhead that Frank has escaped . The Cenobites agree to take Frank back and in exchange say they will consider giving Kirsty her freedom . Kirsty returns home , where Frank has killed Larry and taken his identity by stealing his skin . Julia shows her what is purported to be Frank s flayed corpse in the attic , locking the door behind her . The Cenobites appear and demand the man who did this . Kirsty tries to escape , but is held by Julia and Frank . Frank reveals his true identity to Kirsty , and , when his sexual advances are rejected , he decides to kill her to complete his rejuvenation . He accidentally stabs Julia instead and drinks her blood without remorse . Frank chases Kirsty to the attic , and when he is about to kill her , the Cenobites appear . Now sure he is the one they are looking for , they ensnare him with chains and tear him to pieces . They then attempt to abduct Kirsty . Ripping the puzzle box from Julia s dead hands , Kirsty defeats the Cenobites by reversing the motions needed to open the puzzle box , sending them back to Hell . Kirsty s boyfriend shows up and helps her escape the collapsing house . Afterwards , Kirsty throws the puzzle box onto a burning pyre . A creepy vagrant who has been stalking Kirsty walks into the fire , and retrieves the box before transforming into a winged creature and flying away . The box ends up in the hands of the merchant who sold it to Frank , offering it to another prospective customer .