Roy Tin Cup McAvoy ( Kevin Costner ) is a former golf prodigy who has little ambition . He owns a driving range in West Texas , where he drinks and hangs out with his pal Romeo Posar ( Cheech Marin ) and their friends . Dr. Molly Griswold ( Rene Russo ) , a clinical psychologist , wants a golf lesson . She asks Roy because he knows her boyfriend David Simms ( Don Johnson ) , a top professional golfer . Roy is immediately attracted to her , but she sees through his charm and resists . Simms shows up at Roy s trailer ahead of a local benefit tournament . Roy thinks he is being invited to play , but Simms actually wants to hire him as a caddy ( since Roy knows the course ) . During the round , Roy needles Simms about laying up instead of having the nerve to take a 230-yard shot over a water hazard . Simms fires back that Roy s problem is playing recklessly instead of playing the percentages . Roy brags that he could make it , and spectators make bets among themselves . Simms warns Roy that he ll fire him if he tries , but Roy does anyway , hitting a brilliant shot onto the green . Simms immediately fires Roy . To get even , Roy decides to try to qualify for the U.S. Open . He makes a play for Molly , also seeking her professional help . Molly agrees to help Roy rebuild his self-confidence in exchange for the golf lessons . In two qualifying rounds , with Romeo as caddy , Roy s game is excellent but his head needs help . He continues to resist playing safely , smashing most of his clubs in a fit that causes Romeo to quit . He still manages to qualify . He loses his car on a bet with Simms . He persuades Romeo to caddy again , but develops a problem with his swing . On the first day of the tournament in North Carolina he shoots a horrible 83 . Meanwhile , Molly sees Simms ' unpleasant side when he arrogantly refuses a child an autograph . Seeing that trying to change Roy is a mistake , Molly encourages him to be himself . At her suggestion , Roy wins another wager with Simms , the leader after the first round . Then with renewed confidence , Tin Cup , a nobody from nowhere , shocks the golf world with a remarkable second round of 62 , making the cut . His third round is also excellent and moves him into contention . But on all three rounds , he refuses to lay up on the par-5 18th hole , hitting the ball into the pond . On the last day , Roy , Simms , and real-life PGA Tour pro Peter Jacobsen ( playing himself ) are in a three-way battle to win the Open . Jacobsen finishes with a par on 18 , tied for the lead with Roy and one shot ahead of Simms . Simms yet again lays up at the 18th hole , playing it safe , although this takes him out of championship contention . Romeo urges that he do likewise to save par and force a playoff but , urged by Molly to go for it , he takes his fateful shot . It reaches the green , but then a little gust from the gods —a sudden contrary wind—starts his ball rolling back , downhill into the pond . Reminiscent of his blow-up back in college when he failed to qualify for the Tour , Roy tries repeatedly to hit the same shot , with the same heart-breaking result . In the end Roy risks not only humiliation but also disqualification for running out of balls . But he still goes for the green , and on his 12th shot , his last ball clears the water—and slowly rolls into the hole . After a wild celebration , Roy finally realizes what he has done and feels ashamed , but Molly assures him , Five years from now nobody will remember who won or lost , but they re gon na remember your 12 ! Back in Texas , Molly tells Roy that because he finished in the top 15 , he automatically qualifies for next year s Open . Molly further suggests that Roy go back to the qualifying school and get on the Tour . Molly , who gained several clients at the tournament , prepares for a career of helping players with the mental portion of the game . They kiss passionately as the movie ends .