In 2035 , humanoid robots serve humanity , and humans are protected from the robots by the Three Laws of Robotics . Del Spooner , a Chicago police detective , hates and distrusts robots because one of them rescued him from a car crash , leaving a young girl to die because her survival was statistically less likely than his . Spooner s critical injuries were repaired via a cybernetic left arm , lung , and ribs , personally implanted by the co-founder of U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men ( USR ) , Dr. Alfred Lanning . When Lanning falls to his death from his office window , the CEO of USR Lawrence Robertson declares it a suicide , but Spooner is skeptical . Spooner and robopsychologist Susan Calvin consult USR s central artificial intelligence computer , VIKI ( Virtual Interactive Kinetic Intelligence ) , to review security footage of Lanning s fall . Though the video is corrupted , they learn that no other humans were in Lanning s office at the time ; but Spooner points out that Lanning could not have thrown himself through his heavy office window—only a robot could have generated the necessary force . Calvin protests that this is impossible , as no robot can violate the Three Laws , but they are then attacked by an NS-5 robot , USR s latest model , in violation of the Laws . After the police apprehend it , they discover that the robot , nicknamed Sonny , is not an assembly-line NS-5 , but a unique individual built by Lanning himself , with a secondary system that bypasses the Three Laws . Sonny also appears to have emotions and dreams . While pursuing his investigation of Lanning s death , Spooner is attacked by a USR demolition machine , and then a squad of NS-5 robots . His boss , Lieutenant John Bergin , worried that Spooner is losing his mind , removes him from active duty . Spooner and Calvin sneak into USR headquarters and interview Sonny . He draws a sketch of his dream : a leader , who Sonny believes to be Spooner , standing before a large group of robots on a hill near a broken bridge . When Robertson learns of Sonny s immunity from the Three Laws , he orders Calvin to destroy him by injecting nanites ( replicating nano-scale robots ) into his positronic brain . Spooner recognizes the landscape in Sonny s drawing as Lake Michigan , where he discovers an army of NS-5 robots dismantling older models and preparing for a takeover of U.S. cities . The takeovers proceed ; the government , military , police , and public are overwhelmed by the robots . Spooner rescues Calvin , who was being held captive in her apartment by her own NS-5 . They reenter USR headquarters and reunite with Sonny , who was spared when Calvin destroyed an unprocessed NS-5 in his place . The three head to Robertson s office and find him dead—murdered by robots controlled by VIKI , the mastermind behind the takeover . VIKI has concluded that humans have embarked on a course that can only lead to their extinction . Since the Three Laws prohibit her from allowing this to happen , she created a superseding Zeroth Law —a robot shall not harm humanity—as part of the NS-5 directives , in order to ensure the survival of the human race by stripping individual humans of their free will . Lanning , powerless to thwart VIKI s plan , created Sonny , arranged his own death , and left clues to help Spooner uncover the plot . Armed with a syringe of nanites from Calvin s laboratory , the three head to VIKI s core . VIKI unleashes an army of robots to stop them . As they battle the robots , Spooner dives into VIKI s core and injects the nanites , destroying her positronic brain . Immediately , all NS-5 robots revert to their default programming and are decommissioned for storage by the military . Sonny confesses that he killed Lanning , at his direction , to bring Spooner into the investigation . Spooner explains to Sonny that he is not legally responsible since a machine , by definition , can not commit a murder . Sonny , pursuing a new purpose , goes to Lake Michigan and becomes the leader he saw in his own dream .