Fred Madison ( Bill Pullman ) , a Los Angeles saxophonist , receives a message on the intercom of his house from an unknown man , who says : Dick Laurent is dead . During a break at a show one night , Fred calls his home but Renée ( Patricia Arquette ) , his wife , does not answer any of the home s ringing telephones . Arriving home later , Fred finds her sleeping in their bed . The next morning , Renée finds a VHS tape on their porch which contains a videotape of their house . After having sex one night , Fred sees Renée s face as that of a pale old man , then tells Renée of a dream he had about someone resembling her being attacked . As the days pass , more tapes arrive showing the interior of their house and even shots of the pair asleep in bed . Fred and Renée call the police but the detectives they send over offer no assistance . Fred and Renée then attend a party being thrown by Andy ( Michael Massee ) , Renée s friend . At the party , the pale old man Fred dreamed about approaches Fred , claiming to have met him before . The man then says he is at Fred s house at that very moment and even somehow answers the house phone when Fred calls it . Fred asks Andy who the man is , and Andy replies : he is a friend of Dick Laurent s . Fred , terrified and confused , leaves the party and heads home with Renée . The next morning , another tape arrives and Fred watches it alone . To his horror , it shows him hovering over Renée s dismembered body . He is arrested for her murder , tried , found guilty and sentenced to death . Shortly after arriving at death row , Fred is plagued by frequent headaches and strange visions of the Mystery Man , a burning cabin in the desert and a strange man driving down a dark highway . During a routine cell check , the prison guard is shocked to find that the man in Fred s cell is now Pete Dayton ( Balthazar Getty ) , a young auto mechanic . Since Pete has committed no crime , he is released into the care of his parents , who take him home . Pete is then followed by two detectives who are trying to find out more about him . The next day , Pete returns to work at the garage where he is soon called on by gangster Mr. Eddy ( Robert Loggia ) , to fix his car . Mr. Eddy takes Pete for a drive , on which Pete witnesses Mr. Eddy chase and beat down a tailgater . The next day , Mr. Eddy returns to the garage with his mistress , Alice Wakefield ( also played by Arquette ) and his Cadillac for Pete to repair . Later , Alice returns to the garage alone and invites Pete out for dinner . Soon , Pete and Alice begin a secret liaison , meeting each other at run-down motels every night . Alice soon begins to fear that Mr. Eddy is privy to their affair and concocts a scheme to rob her friend Andy and leave town . Alice then reveals to Pete that Mr. Eddy is actually an amateur porn producer named Dick Laurent . At home , Pete gets a phone call from Mr. Eddy and the Mystery Man ( which eerily mirrors Fred and the Mystery Man s earlier conversation ) , which distresses Pete so much that he decides to go along with Alice s plan to escape . Alice tells Pete what he must do to carry out her plan to rob Andy but Andy puts up unexpected resistance and ends up dead , accidentally impaling himself on the edge of his glass coffee table . Pete notices a photograph showing Alice and Renée together , with Alice claiming that the blonde woman in the photo is her . Later , when police are at the house investigating Andy s death , the same photo shows only Renée with Andy and Mr. Eddy ; Alice is inexplicably missing from the shot . Pete and Alice arrive at an empty cabin in the desert , the same one Fred had envisioned . The two start having sex but during the act Alice gets up , walks up the stairs to the cabin and disappears inside . Pete suddenly transforms back into Fred Madison . Upon searching the desert cabin , he meets the Mystery Man who begins filming and chasing Fred with a hand-held video camera , revealing himself to be the camerman from earlier . Fred escapes and drives to the Lost Highway Hotel , where he finds Mr. Eddy and Renée having sex . After Renée leaves , Fred kidnaps Mr. Eddy , beats him and slits his throat . The Mystery Man then shoots Mr. Eddy dead and whispers something to Fred . The Mystery Man disappears and Fred drives off in Mr. Eddy s car . Fred drives to his old house , buzzes the intercom and says : Dick Laurent is dead . When the two detectives then drive up to the house , Fred runs back to his car and drives off with the detectives in pursuit . As it gets dark , Fred is shown speeding down the highway pursued by the police . Fred suddenly begins convulsing and screaming , before the familiar image of the highway at night is seen .