Early one morning , Martha flees from an abusive cult in the Catskill Mountains led by an enigmatic leader , Patrick . She phones her sister Lucy , eventually asking for her help . Lucy picks up Martha at a nearby bus station and takes her to a lake house in Connecticut which Lucy shares with her husband , Ted . Martha tells Lucy only that she had been living with her boyfriend in the Catskills , leaving out all mention of the cult . During the following days , Martha continues to exhibit unusual behavior , with little regard for the commonly accepted societal boundaries of American culture . In a flashback , Martha is seen meeting Patrick for the first time . He declares that she looks like a Marcy May . It is explained to Martha that the group is working toward being self-sufficient on their farm . Later , Martha awakens in the middle of being raped by Patrick , and afterward another woman assures her that she was lucky to have Patrick as her first sex partner . Later , he sings Jackson C. Frank s song Marcy s Song in front of the group , and now addresses Martha as Marcy May . The cult members are shown swimming naked together at a waterfall . At the lake house , Martha walks into Lucy and Ted s room while they are having sex and gets into bed with them . A horrified Lucy explains that this is not normal behavior , and Ted is furious about the incident . Martha continues to struggle with the return to her old life . In another flashback to her time on the farm , Martha introduces a new girl , Sarah , to life on the farm . She explains that they all help out with Katie and Patrick s baby . When Sarah comments that all the infants in the community are boys , Martha ominously replies that he only has boys . Martha later prepares Sarah for her special night with Patrick , presumably the same ritual of rape that Martha experienced . The preparation includes drinking a drugged drink . During another flashback while teaching Martha to shoot , Patrick asks her to kill a sick cat to prove that she is a teacher and a leader , but she refuses . He then asks her to shoot another cult member ; she refuses to do this as well . One night , Martha , Watts , and Zoe break into a house and steal valuables . In another scene , several cult members have sex in one room while Patrick watches from a stairway . In the present , Martha becomes increasingly paranoid that the cult is watching her . Lucy continues to struggle to understand what has happened to Martha . Ted suggests they seek help for Martha , telling Lucy that she needs to be moved to a mental health facility . In a flashback , Martha , Watts , and Zoe break into another house but are found by the owner . They start to leave , but Patrick appears and confronts the owner , questioning whether he will call the police . The man orders the group out and promises not to call the police , but the elder female member of the group , Katie , stabs him in the back . They quickly leave , with Martha clearly in shock . Martha is later shown answering the phone , using the name Marlene Lewis — a name that all the women use on the phone to conceal their identities . Martha struggles in the aftermath of the attack , and Patrick tries to convince her that death is actually a good thing . After a nightmare at the lake house , Martha attacks Ted in her confusion . This leads Lucy to confront Martha , making it clear she must leave and informing her that they will pay for her treatment . Martha coldly states that Lucy will be a terrible mother . The next morning , Martha goes swimming in the lake and sees a man watching her from the opposite shore . Ted and Lucy then drive Martha to her treatment facility when the same man from the lake runs in front of Ted s car . He gets into a car parked on the side of the road and appears to follow them . Martha nervously looks back as they drive on , but does n't say anything .