Henry Hill says , As far back as I can remember , I always wanted to be a gangster , referring to his idolization of gangsters in his 1950s blue-collar , predominantly Italian-American neighborhood in East New York , Brooklyn . Wanting to be part of something significant , Henry quits school and goes to work for them . He is able to make a living for himself and learns the two most important lessons in life : Never rat on your friends , and always keep your mouth shut , the advice given to him after being acquitted of criminal charges early in his career . Henry is taken under the wing of local mob leader , Paul Paulie Cicero and his associates : James Jimmy the Gent Conway , who loves hijacking trucks ; and Tommy DeVito , an aggressive armed robber with a temper . In late 1967 , they commit the Air France Robbery . Enjoying the perks of their criminal life , they spend most of their nights at the Copacabana carousing with women . Henry meets and later marries Karen , a Jewish woman from the Five Towns area of Long Island . Karen is initially troubled by Henry s criminal activities but is soon seduced by his glamorous lifestyle . On June 11 , 1970 , Billy Batts , a mobster in the Gambino Crime Family , insults Tommy about being a shoeshine boy in his younger days . Enraged , Tommy and Jimmy attack and kill him . Knowing their murder of a made member would mean retribution from the Gambino crime family , which could possibly include Paulie himself being ordered to kill them , Jimmy , Henry , and Tommy cover up the murder . They transport the body in the trunk of Henry s car and bury it upstate . Six months later , Jimmy learns the burial site will be developed , forcing them to exhume the decomposing corpse and move it . Henry sets up his mistress , Janice Rossi , in an apartment . When Karen finds out about their relationship , she tries to confront Janice at the apartment building and then threatens Henry at gunpoint at home . Henry goes to live in the apartment with Janice , but Paulie mediates and directs him to return to Karen after completing a job for him ; Henry and Jimmy are sent to collect from an indebted gambler in Florida . However , they are arrested after being turned in by the gambler s sister , a typist for the FBI . Jimmy and Henry receive ten-year prison sentences . In prison , Henry sells drugs smuggled in by Karen to support his family on the outside . After his early release in 1978 , Henry further establishes himself in the drug trade , ignoring Paulie s ban on drug trafficking , and convinces Tommy and Jimmy to join him . Jimmy and a lot of Henry s associates commit the Lufthansa heist at John F. Kennedy International Airport , stealing $ 6 million . However , after a few members buy expensive items and the getaway car is found by police , Jimmy has most of the crew killed . Tommy is eventually killed in retribution for Batts ' murder , having been fooled into thinking he would become a made man . By May 11 , 1980 , Henry is a nervous wreck from cocaine use and insomnia . He tries to organize a drug deal with his associates in Pittsburgh , however he is arrested by narcotics agents and jailed . After being bailed out , Karen tells him she flushed $ 60,000 worth of cocaine down the toilet to prevent FBI agents from finding it during their raid , leaving the family virtually penniless . Feeling betrayed by Henry s dealing drugs , Paulie gives him $ 3,200 and ends any association with him . Facing federal charges , and realizing Jimmy plans to have him killed , Henry decides to enroll in the Witness Protection Program . He gives sufficient testimony to have Paulie and Jimmy arrested and convicted . Forced out of his gangster life , Henry now has to face living in the real world . He narrates : I m an average nobody . I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook . Subtitles explain that Henry was subsequently arrested on drug charges in Seattle , Washington , but has been clean since 1987 . He and Karen separated in 1989 after twenty five years of marriage . Paul Cicero died in Fort Worth Federal Prison of respiratory illness in 1988 at age 73 . Jimmy , in 1990 , was serving a twenty-year-to-life sentence in a New York State prison .