Aging gangster Benjamin Lefty Ruggiero is introduced to a jewel thief named Donnie Brasco . Donnie impresses Lefty by threatening a diamond dealer whom Donnie suspects of selling Lefty a fake ring . Lefty teaches Donnie the rules of the Mafia and introduces him to several made men including Dominick Sonny Black Napolitano , and Nicholas Santora , as well as caporegime Alphonse “Sonny Red” Indelicato to whom Lefty owes money and is disliked by Sonny Black . Donnie Brasco is actually Joseph D. Pistone , an undercover FBI agent . His wife hates his job , and the couple have heated arguments throughout the film . At home , Joseph s behavior becomes more and more like the criminal he pretends to be . After the Bonanno family s street boss is killed , Sonny Red assumes the new position . Sonny Black is promoted to captain , angering Lefty , as he provided for Sonny Black s family while the latter was in prison . As the crew runs a series of successful shakedowns and hijackings in Brooklyn , Donnie collects more information for the FBI . Due to Joseph s success at infiltrating the Mafia , a man from Washington , Dean Blanford , takes an interest in the case . He asks Joseph to incorporate a Miami-based FBI agent , Richard Richie Gazzo , into the operation . Joseph is reluctant but convinces Sonny Black and crew to meet Richie in Miami . In Miami , Donnie and Lefty plan to run Richie s club on their own and attempt to impress Florida mob boss Santo Trafficante Jr. with a yacht trip . However , Sonny Black reaches out to Trafficante first , angering Lefty , especially when Sonny Black tells Donnie to work for him and run the club as an unofficial made man . Donnie reconciles with Lefty when Lefty s son nearly dies of a drug overdose . On its opening day , Sonny Black s club is raided by Miami police on orders from Trafficante himself , who was in allegiance with Sonny Red . Suspecting the latter is responsible , the crew , without Donnie , kill Sonny Red and two rival gangsters , as well as Nicky Santora ( who , Sonny Black suspects , tipped off Sonny Red about the club ) . With Sonny Black the new street boss , Donnie is tasked with finding and killing Sonny Red s son , Bruno . One last dispute between Donnie and his wife becomes physical . Joseph hits his wife and is then remorseful : I am not becoming like them , Maggie , I am them . Knowing he will have to end his case and make arrests , Donnie tries convincing Lefty to escape his criminal life . Lefty confronts Donnie about working with the FBI . If Donnie does not kill Bruno , Lefty will kill Donnie . Before either murder can be committed , FBI agents rush in to arrest both potential killers . FBI agents reveal Donnie s true identity to Sonny Black and the crew . Lefty walks off to his implied death for letting Donnie infiltrate the gang , and Joseph is awarded with a $ 500 check and medal for his work .