In 1965 , Chris Taylor ( Charlie Sheen ) has dropped out of college , enlisted in the U.S. Army , and volunteered for combat duty in Vietnam . Assigned to Bravo Company in the 25th Infantry Division , near the Cambodian border , he is quickly disillusioned by the difficult environment , and his enthusiasm for the war declines . One night , his unit is set upon by a group of North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) soldiers , who retreat after a brief confrontation . New recruit Gardner is killed while another soldier , Tex , is maimed by friendly fire . Taylor is scorned by the cruel Staff Sergeant Barnes ( Tom Berenger ) for falling asleep during watch , after being implicated by one of the veterans . Taylor eventually gains acceptance from a tight-knit group in his unit whose members socialize in a bunker clubhouse at their base . He finds mentors in King ( Keith David ) and the loyal Sergeant Elias ( Willem Dafoe ) , and becomes close friends with other soldiers , including Lerner ( Johnny Depp ) , Rhah ( Francesco Quinn ) , Crawford ( Chris Pedersen ) and Manny ( Corkey Ford ) . During a patrol , Manny is found mutilated and tied to a post , while two other soldiers , Sal ( Richard Edson ) and Sandy ( J. Adam Glover ) , are killed by a booby trap in a bunker . As tension mounts , the platoon reaches a nearby village where they discover a supply and weapons cache . Using Lerner as a translator , Barnes interrogates the village chief to determine if his people have been aiding the NVA . Despite the villagers ' adamant denials , Barnes coldly shoots and kills the chief s wife . He holds the chief s daughter at gunpoint , threatening to kill her as well , if the villagers do not reveal what they know . Elias arrives and is furious with Barnes ' behavior . A physical altercation between the duo ensues , which is ended by the timid platoon commander , Lieutenant Wolfe ( Mark Moses ) , who orders the men to secure the villagers , destroy the enemy supplies , and burn the village down . As they leave , Taylor stops a group of soldiers from gang raping two girls . When the unit returns to base , Captain Harris ( Dale Dye ) advises that if he finds out that an illegal killing took place , a court-martial will be ordered . Barnes worries that Elias will testify against him . On their next patrol , the platoon is ambushed and pinned down in a firefight , in which numerous soldiers are wounded , including Lerner and Big Harold ( Forest Whitaker ) . Lerner is taken back to the helicopter landing area , while Lieutenant Wolfe calls in a artillery strike and the incorrect coordinates he provides results in a number of friendly fire casualties . Elias takes Taylor , Crawford , and Rhah to intercept flanking enemy troops . Barnes orders the rest of the platoon to retreat and goes back into the jungle to find Elias ' group . Barnes finds Elias alone and shoots him , then returns and tells the others that Elias was killed by the enemy . While the platoon is extracting via helicopter , they glimpse Elias , mortally wounded , emerging from the treeline and being chased by a group of North Vietnamese soldiers , who kill him . Noting Barnes ' anxious manner , Taylor realizes that he gave a false account of Elias ' wounding . At the base , Taylor becomes convinced that Barnes is responsible for Elias ' death . He attempts to talk his group into fragging the sergeant in retaliation when Barnes , having overheard them , enters the room and mocks them . Taylor assaults the intoxicated Barnes but is quickly overpowered . Barnes cuts Taylor near his eye with a push dagger before departing . The platoon is sent back to the combat area to maintain defensive positions , where Taylor shares a foxhole with Francis . That night , a major NVA assault occurs , and the defensive lines are broken . Much of the platoon , including Bunny , Junior , and Wolfe , are killed in the ensuing battle . During the attack , an NVA sapper , armed with explosives , rushes into battalion headquarters , making a suicide attack and killing everyone inside . Meanwhile , Captain Harris , the company commander , orders his air support to expend all remaining ordnance inside his perimeter . During the chaos , Taylor encounters Barnes , who is wounded and driven to insanity . Just as Barnes is about to kill Taylor , both men are knocked unconscious by an air strike . Taylor regains consciousness the following morning , picks up an enemy Type 56 rifle , and finds Barnes , who orders Taylor to call a medic . Seeing that Taylor wo n't help , Barnes tells him to pull the trigger . Taylor shoots and kills Barnes . He sits and waits until reinforcements arrive and find him . Francis , who survived the battle unharmed , deliberately stabs himself in the leg and reminds Taylor that because they have been twice wounded , they can return home . The helicopter carries the two men away . Overwhelmed , Taylor sobs as he glares down at multiple craters full of corpses , both friend and foe .