Edward Lewis , a successful corporate raider in Los Angeles on business , accidentally ends up on Hollywood Boulevard , in the city s red-light district after being rejected and breaking up with his girlfriend during an unpleasant phone call in which Lewis appears highly controlling ; he asked his girlfriend to escort him during his California business trip , but she was offended that he could demand from her whatever he wants , as if she is his beck and call girl ' . After leaving the party where he had this unpleasant phone call , taking his lawyer s Lotus Esprit luxury car , Lewis encounters a prostitute named Vivian Ward . He stops for her , apparently lost and having difficulties driving the car , asking for directions back to Beverly Hills . It is not clear if he really wants to hire her , or just get help getting back to his hotel . He asks her to get in the car and show him how to return to the Beverly Hills Regent where he is staying . It becomes clear that Vivian knows more about the Lotus than he does , and he lets her drive him to his hotel . Vivian charges Lewis $ 20 for the ride , and then they separate . He goes to his hotel , and she goes to the bus stop to go back to Hollywood Blvd . Lewis goes back to find Vivian waiting for the bus , and decides to hire her for the night , and then later , to play the role his girlfriend had refused , offering Vivian $ 3000 to stay with him for the next six days as well as paying for a new , more acceptable wardrobe for Vivian . Edward is visibly moved by her transformation from hooker to sophisticated woman , and begins seeing Vivian in a different light . He begins to open up to her , revealing his personal and business lives . Edward takes Vivian to a polo match he sponsors in hopes of networking for his business deal . His attorney Phillip begins to suspect Vivian to be a corporate spy . Edward reassures him by telling him how they truly met and Phillip approaches Vivian , suggesting they do business once her work with Edward is finished . Insulted by Phillip and furious that Edward has revealed the secret of who she really is , Vivian wants to end her arrangement with Edward . Edward confesses to feeling jealous of a business associate who has paid Vivian some personal attention during the week . Vivian s straightforward personality is rubbing off on Edward and he finds himself acting contrary to his normal personal and business personalities . Clearly growing closer , Edward flies with Vivian in his private jet to see La Traviata in San Francisco . Vivian is moved to tears by the story of the prostitute who falls in love with a rich man , further edifying Edward s feelings towards Vivian . After the opera Edward appears to have truly fallen in love with Vivian . Growing extremely fond of Edward , Vivian breaks her no kissing on the mouth rule and finds she is falling in love with him . He offers to put her up in an apartment so she can be off the streets but she rejects it , insulted and says this is not the fairy tale she dreamed of where a knight on a white horse rescues her . In meeting with business associates whose company he is in the process of raiding , Edward changes his mind at the last minute . His time with Vivian has shown him a different way of looking at life and he suggests working together to help save the associate s company rather than tearing it apart and selling it off for a profit . They will build big ships together . That was Edward s dream : to build things , instead of tearing them down . Furious over the loss of so much money , Phillip goes to the hotel to confront Edward , but finds only Vivian . He blames her for changing Edward and attempts to force himself on her . She is fighting him off as Edward arrives just in time to stop Phillip , hitting him while chastising him for his greed . He fires Phillip and then throws him out . With his business in L.A. complete and his return to N.Y. imminent , Edward tries to persuade Vivian to stay one more night with him because she wants to , not because he s paying her but she refuses . On his way to the airport , Edward re-thinks his life and his unexpected feelings for Vivian . He has the hotel chauffeur detour to Vivian s apartment building where he leaps from the white limo and rescues her ; a visual urban metaphor for the knight on a white horse rescuing the princess , fulfilling Vivian s childhood fantasy .