Kathleen Kelly is involved with Frank Navasky , a leftist postmodernist newspaper writer for The New York Observer who is always in search of an opportunity to root for the underdog . While Frank is devoted to his typewriter , Kathleen prefers her laptop and logging into her AOL email account . Using the screen name Shopgirl ' , she reads an email from NY152 , the screen name of Joe Fox whom she first met in an over-30s chatroom . As her voice narrates her reading of the email , she reveals the boundaries of the online relationship ; no specifics , including no names , career or class information , or family connections . Joe belongs to the Fox family which runs Fox Books — a chain of mega bookstores . Kathleen runs the independent bookstore The Shop Around The Corner that her mother ran before her . The two are shown passing each other on their respective ways to work , revealing that they frequent the same neighborhoods in upper west Manhattan . Joe arrives at work , overseeing the opening of a new Fox Books in New York City with the help of his best friend , branch manager Kevin . Kathleen and her three store assistants , George , Aunt Birdie and Christina open up her small shop that morning . Following a day with his eleven-year-old aunt Annabel and four-year-old half brother Matthew , Joe enters Kathleen s store to let his younger relatives experience story time . Joe and Kathleen have a conversation that reveals Kathleen s fears about the Fox Books store opening around the corner . He omits his last name and makes an abrupt exit with the children . At a publishing party for New York book business people later that week , Joe and Kathleen meet again , where Kathleen discovers Joe s true identity . She accuses him of deception and spying , while he responds by belittling her store . The Shop Around the Corner slowly goes under . Kathleen enters Fox Books to discover the true nature of the store is one of friendliness and relaxation , yet without the same dedication to children s books as her shop . Her employees move on to other jobs ; as Christina goes job hunting , George gets a job at the children s department at a Fox Books store and Birdie retires . They are exchanging emails without knowing each others ' true identities -- and their respective significant-others ' knowledge . In some chance meetings Fox at first conceals his identity and then they clash , without realizing who each is . When they decide to meet , Joe discovers who he has been corresponding with . At first deciding to not meet with her , but then to meet with her without revealing his on-line identity . But , they again clash . Joe soon resumes the correspondence , apologizes , and promises to eventually tell her why he stood her up . After both break up with their significant others , Joe realizes his feelings towards Kelly , and begins building a face-to-face relationship , still keeping his on-line identity a secret . He arranges a meeting between Kelly and his on-line persona ( along with his dog Brinkley ) , but just before she is to meet this on-line friend , he reveals his feelings for her . Upon arriving at the agreed meeting place , she hears Fox calling to Brinkley , who has run ahead , and sees that her on-line friend is really Fox , and that she loves him , too .