Dr. John Markway narrates the history of the 90-year-old Hill House , which was constructed by Hugh Crain as a home for his wife . She died when her carriage crashed against a tree as she approached the house for the first time . Crain remarried , but his second wife died in the house from a fall down the stairs . Crain s daughter Abigail lived in the house for the rest of her life , never moving out of the nursery . She died calling for her nurse-companion . The companion inherited the house , but later hanged herself from a spiral staircase in the library . Hill House was eventually inherited by a Mrs. Sanderson , although it has stood empty for some time . Markway wishes to study the reported paranormal activity at Hill House . He secures a lease from Mrs. Sanderson to occupy the mansion for the duration of his investigation ; conditional to his acceptance is that he take Luke Sanderson , her heir , with him . Markway has chosen two individuals to accompany him—a psychic , Theodora , also known as Theo , and the meek Eleanor Lance , who experienced poltergeist activity as a child . Eleanor spent her adult life caring for her invalid mother , whose recent death has left Eleanor with severe guilt . The large , maze-like mansion s walls were constructed with angles slightly askew , resulting in off-center perspectives and doors that open and close by themselves . The immense library contains the ramshackle spiral staircase from which the previous owner hanged herself ; the vast conservatory is adorned with eerie statues . During their first night in the house , Eleanor and Theo are terrified by supernatural occurrences outside Theo s bedroom door . Deafening banging is heard against the door and the voice of a young girl is heard echoing with laughter . Despite the turbulence , Eleanor feels a tentative affinity to Hill House . The team explores the house the next day , discovering a cold spot outside the nursery and encountering other supernatural phenomena . Markway reveals more about the hauntings that have allegedly occurred . Following another night of loud disturbances the team discovers the words HELP , ELEANOR , COME HOME on a wall , which causes Eleanor severe distress . That night , Theo moves into Eleanor s room and they fall asleep in the same bed . Eleanor is awakened by the sounds of a man speaking indistinctly and a woman laughing . Fearful , Eleanor asks Theo to hold her hand and she feels it being crushed . As Eleanor hears the sound of a young girl crying , she shouts at whoever is causing the child pain . Theo awakens with a start and turns on the light . Eleanor then sees that she has moved from the bed to the couch , and realizes that Theo was not the one she felt holding her hand . The following day Dr. Markway s wife Grace arrives at Hill House to warn her husband that a reporter has learned of Markway s investigation of Hill House . Markway is concerned when Grace announces that she plans to join the group for the duration of the investigation . She demands a bed in the nursery despite her husband s warning that it is likely the center of the disturbances . That night the group experiences loud banging and an unseen force attempting to force its way through the living room in which they are staying . The banging then proceeds to move its way up towards the nursery , where the sounds of it destroying the room are heard . This prompts Eleanor to run towards the source ; however Grace is nowhere to be found . Her disappearance is then confirmed the following morning . Eleanor s mental instability worsens as she falls further under the spell of Hill House . She enters the library and climbs the dilapidated spiral staircase . Once she reaches the top , Grace appears unexpectedly at a trap door and the startled Eleanor nearly falls to her death . Markway rescues Eleanor but just misses seeing Grace , who has disappeared back into the house . Markway becomes alarmed at Eleanor s obsession with Hill House in spite of the dangers it poses for her . Despite Eleanor s pleas to stay , Markway insists that she leave at once and asks Luke to accompany her home . Before he can join her in the car , Eleanor drives off and speeds down the road toward the front gates . She soon feels the steering wheel move by itself and the car advances erratically . At first she struggles to regain control but then surrenders to the unseen force . Suddenly Grace appears from behind a tree and steps in front of the car . Eleanor crashes into the tree and is killed . Luke observes it seemed that Eleanor deliberately aimed the car at the tree , but Markway asserts that something was in the car with her . He notes that the tree that claimed Eleanor s life is the same one that killed the first Mrs. Crain . Theo remarks that Eleanor got what she wanted—to remain with the house .