Marijuana-smoking , slacker pizza delivery driver in Grand Rapids Nick ( Jesse Eisenberg ) has trouble completing the 30 Minutes Or Less policy and is reprimanded by his boss Chris ( Brett Gelman ) . Nick s school teacher friend Chet ( Aziz Ansari ) discovers that Nick slept with his twin sister , Kate , ( Dilshad Vadsaria ) on the night of their high school graduation , causing Nick and Chet to end their friendship . Dwayne King ( Danny McBride ) and Travis Cord ( Nick Swardson ) , are miserable living under the shadow of Dwayne s domineering father the Major ( Fred Ward ) . Dwayne confides in lap-dancer Juicy ( Bianca Kajlich ) about his contempt for his father and Dwayne s presumed inheritance . At Travis s suggestion , he and Dwayne devise a plot to kidnap a complete stranger and strap a remote-controlled bomb to his chest . They order a pizza and wait for a driver to come to their hideout . When Nick arrives , Dwayne and Travis assault him and knock him unconscious . When Nick wakes up , he finds a vest rigged with explosives strapped and buckled onto his torso , with both a timer and a cellular phone-activated trigger . Dwayne and Travis tell him his situation : the bomb will detonate unless he robs a bank within 10 hours . They also threaten to detonate the bomb if Nick bothers the police . He goes to Chet s school job and alerts him the situation , to which he reluctantly accepts . En route to the bank , Nick manages to quit his job and then goes to see Kate for the last time . Nick and Chet hold up the bank and obtain money while the bank manager pulls the alarm , forcing Nick and Chet to flee quickly . Dwayne says he and Travis will meet Nick at an abandoned rail-yard to make the exchange . Dwayne and Travis go to a restaurant instead as Dwayne calls up Juicy to get her hit-man ally and to head to the rail-yard . Juicy and the hit-man Chango ( Michael Pe単a ) arrive to pick up the money . Nick hands Chango the money and expects Chango to give him the code which will deactivate the bomb . However , Chet appears and strikes Chango with a metal bar while Nick incapacitates Juicy . The two grab the money and escape . Overly frustrated by the turn of events and when Nick refuses to answer the phone again , Dwayne activates the speed dial number on his phone for the bomb to explode , but Travis alters the numbers . Rethinking their plan , he and Dwayne head to Kate s apartment in their masks and kidnap her . Chango breaks into the Major s house to find information regarding Dwayne s location and finds a hand-drawn map to the scrapyard . While there , the Major attacks him with a pen gun . The Major is then shot by Chango after a struggle . Upon applying some peroxide , Chango uses the information he found in Dwayne s room to head to the scrapyard . Dwayne threatens to kill Kate unless Nick meets up with him at the scrapyard . At the scrapyard , Dwayne gives Nick the code 69 69 69 to deactivate and unbuckle the bomb with just minutes to spare . Dwayne has them at gunpoint but Nick has Chet fake having a sniper on them by pointing with his laser pointer . After believing him , Dwayne and Travis drop their weapons and leave with the money . However , Nick is knocked out by Chango who now has Dwayne at gunpoint , demanding for the money . Dwayne gives him the money but Chango decides to still kill him and is torched with a flamethrower by Travis . While being burned on the ground , Chango wounds Dwayne and shoots the gas tank on Travis s back , causing it to explode . Nick takes the money and leaves with Kate and Chet . Dwayne chases after Nick and steal the money and when he has Nick at gunpoint his van explodes , seemingly killing him . Nick reveals he reactivated the bomb and put it in Dwayne s van . While Chet looks at the money , it squirts blue dye on his face . In a post-credits scene , Dwayne ( who survived the explosion ) , Travis , the Major recuperating in a wheelchair , and Juicy are seen in an advertisement for their new family business called Major Tan : Tanning Salon .