In 1978 , con artists Irving Rosenfeld ( Christian Bale ) and Sydney Prosser ( Amy Adams ) have started a relationship and are working together . Sydney has improved Rosenfeld s scams , posing as English aristocrat Lady Edith Greensly . Irving loves Sydney , though is hesitant to leave his unstable and histrionic wife Rosalyn ( Jennifer Lawrence ) , fearing he will lose contact with her son Danny , whom Irving has adopted . Rosalyn has also threatened to report Irving to the police if he leaves her . FBI agent Richie DiMaso ( Bradley Cooper ) catches Irving and Sydney in a loan scam , but offers to release them if Irving can line up four additional arrests . Richie believes Sydney is English but has proof that her claim of aristocracy is fraudulent . Sydney tells Irving she will manipulate Richie , distancing herself from Irving . Irving has a friend pretending to be a wealthy Arab sheikh looking for potential investments in America . An associate of Irving s suggests the sheikh do business with Mayor Carmine Polito ( Jeremy Renner ) of Camden , New Jersey , who is campaigning to revitalize gambling in Atlantic City , New Jersey , but has struggled in fundraising . Carmine seems to have a genuine desire to help the area s economy and his constituents . Richie devises a plan to make mayor Polito the target of a sting operation , despite the objections of Irving and of Richie s boss , Stoddard Thorsen ( Louis C.K. ) . Sydney helps Richie manipulate an FBI secretary into making an unauthorized wire transfer of $ 2,000,000 . When Stoddard s boss , Anthony Amado ( Alessandro Nivola ) , hears of the operation , he praises Richie s initiative , pressuring Stoddard to continue . Carmine leaves their meeting when Richie presses him to accept a cash bribe . Irving convinces Carmine the sheikh is legitimate , expressing his dislike of Richie , and the two become friends . Richie arranges for Carmine to meet the sheikh , and without consulting the others , has Mexican-American FBI agent Paco Hernandez ( Michael Pe単a ) play the sheikh , which displeases Irving . Carmine brings the sheikh to a casino party , explaining mobsters are there and it is a necessary part of doing business . Irving is surprised to hear that Mafia overlord Victor Tellegio ( Robert De Niro ) , right-hand man to Meyer Lansky , is present , and that he wants to meet the sheikh . Mafia man Tellegio explains that the business needs the sheikh to become an American citizen and that Carmine will need to expedite the process . Tellegio also requires a $ 10,000,000 wire transfer to prove the sheikh s legitimacy . Richie confesses his strong attraction to Sydney but becomes confused and aggressive when she drops her English accent and admits to being from Albuquerque , New Mexico . Rosalyn starts an affair with a mobster Pete Musane ( Jack Huston ) , whom she met at the party . She mentions her belief that Irving is working with the Internal Revenue Service , causing Pete to threaten Irving , who promises to prove the sheikh s investment is real . Irving later confronts Rosalyn , who admits she told Pete and agrees to keep quiet but wants a divorce . With Carmine s help , Richie and Irving videotape members of Congress receiving bribes . Richie assaults Stoddard in a fight over the money and later convinces Amado that he needs the US $ 10,000,000 to get Tellegio , but gets only US $ 2,000,000 . A meeting is arranged at the offices of Tellegio s lawyer , Alfonse Simone ( Paul Herman ) , but Tellegio does not appear . Irving visits Carmine and admits to the scam , but says he has a plan to help him . Carmine throws Irving out and the loss of their friendship hits Irving hard . The feds inform Irving that their US $ 2,000,000 is missing , and that they have received an anonymous offer to return the money in exchange for Irving and Sydney s immunity and a reduced sentence for Carmine . Amado accepts the deal and Stoddard removes Richie from the case , which effectively ends his career , dropping him back into obscurity . Irving and Sydney move in together and open a legitimate art gallery , while Rosalyn lives with Pete and shares custody of Danny with Irving .