No one really knows Felix Bush ( Robert Duvall ) , who lives as a hermit deep in the woods . Rumors surround him , such as how he might have killed in cold blood , and that he s in league with the devil . So the town is surprised when Felix shows up in town with a fat wad of cash , requesting a funeral party at Reverend Gus Horton s church for himself . Rev . Horton declines this proposal . Frank Quinn ( Bill Murray ) , the owner of the local funeral parlor in financial trouble , coveting Bush s wad of cash , agrees to advertise a funeral party at which the townsfolk will be invited to tell Felix Bush the stories they ve heard about him . To ensure a good turnout , a lottery is organized , with Bush s property as the prize . Many people buy tickets . Things get more complicated when an old mystery is remembered , involving a local widow named Mattie Darrow ( Sissy Spacek ) , who was Bush s girlfriend in their youth , and her deceased sister , Mary Lee Stroup ( Arin Logan ) . With the help of a preacher who insists on Bush telling Mattie the truth , Bush tells those gathered at his funeral party ( including Mattie ) what happened forty years earlier . He reveals his affair with Mattie s married sister , Mary Lee . He confesses to Mattie that it was Mary Lee who was his true love , his only love . They made plans to run away together , and when she did n't arrive at the agreed place , he went to her home to search for her . He discovered that her husband had attacked her with a hammer , knocking her out . The husband threw a kerosene lamp against a wall to set the house on fire and kill himself , the unconscious Mary Lee , and Bush . Bush freed himself from the attacking husband , but as his clothes caught fire , he also saw Mary Lee catch fire . As he went to put the fire out , he felt himself flying through the window , possibly pushed by the husband , and he was unable to re-enter the house to save Mary Lee . Mattie returns , seeming to forgive Bush . He sees what appears to be the ghost of Mary Lee down the lane . He dies shortly after his funeral party . His actual funeral service is held on a burial plot on his property . Charlie officiates the ceremony , with Reverend Gus Horton , Buddy , his wife and child , Mattie and Frank in attendance . After a short benediction from Charlie , Mattie places a portrait of her sister , Mary Lee on Felix s casket , signifying her forgiveness of his past actions and allowing them to be together , even if only figuratively . The mourners leave Felix s property as his grave is filled .