Junior risk analyst Seth Bregman ( Penn Badgley ) , his more senior colleague Peter Sullivan ( Zachary Quinto ) , and trading desk head Will Emerson ( Paul Bettany ) watch as human resources staff of their ( never-named ) firm , along with building security , conduct an unannounced mass layoff right on their trading floor , at the start of an otherwise normal business day . One of the fired employees is Peter and Seth s boss , Eric Dale ( Stanley Tucci ) , head of risk management on the floor . Dale attempts to tell his now former employer that the firm should look into what he has been working on , but the contracted human resources staff have no interest other than him quickly leaving the building . While Dale is being escorted out , he gives Peter a USB memory stick with a project he had been working on , telling him to be careful just as he boards the elevator . That night , Sullivan finishes Dale s project and discovers that current volatility in the firm s portfolio of mortgage-backed securities will soon exceed the historical volatility levels of the positions . Because of excessive leverage , if the firm s assets decrease by 25 % in value , the firm will suffer a loss greater than its market capitalization . He also discovers that , given the normal length of time that the firm holds such securities , this loss must occur . Sullivan alerts Emerson , who calls floor head Sam Rogers ( Kevin Spacey ) . These now key employees remain at the firm for a series of meetings with progressively more senior executives , including division head Jared Cohen ( Simon Baker ) , chief risk management officer Sarah Robertson ( Demi Moore ) , and finally CEO John Tuld ( Jeremy Irons ) . Cohen s plan is for the firm to quickly sell all of the toxic assets before the market learns of their worthlessness , thereby limiting the firm s exposure , a course favored by Tuld over Rogers s strong objection . Rogers warns Cohen and Tuld that dumping the firm s toxic assets will spread the risk throughout the financial sector and will destroy the firm s relationships with its counterparties . He also warns Cohen that their customers will quickly learn of the firm s plans , once they realize that the firm is only selling the toxic securities . They finally locate Dale , who had been missing after service to his company phone was deactivated . He has been persuaded to come in with the promise of a generous fee and the threat of having his severance package challenged if he did n't . Meanwhile , it is revealed that Robertson , Cohen , and Tuld were aware of the risks in the weeks leading up to the crisis . Tuld plans to offer Robertson s resignation to the board and employees as a scapegoat . Before the markets open , Rogers tells his traders they will receive seven-figure bonuses if they achieve a 93 % reduction in certain MBS asset classes in a fire sale . He admits that the traders are effectively ending their careers by destroying their relationships with their clients . Meanwhile , Robertson and Dale sit in an office , being paid handsomely to do nothing for the day ; Robertson vigorously defends herself that she warned of the risks although perhaps not loudly enough . Emerson keeps on closing the positions , but his counterparties become increasingly agitated and suspicious as the day wears on . After trading hours end , Rogers watches the same human resources team begin another round of layoffs on his floor . He confronts Tuld in the executive dining area and asks to resign , but Tuld dismisses his protests , claiming that the current crisis is really no different from various crashes and bear markets of the past , and that sharp gains and losses are simply part of the economic cycle . He persuades Rogers to stay at the firm for another two years , promising that there will be a lot of money to be made from the coming crisis . Rogers notices Sullivan meeting with Cohen ; Tuld informs Rogers he will promote Sullivan . In the final scene , Rogers is shown in his ex-wife s front lawn late at night , burying his dog that has died of cancer—thinking that since the dog had spent most of its life there that it should be buried there . His ex-wife comes out and reminds him that he does n't live there anymore . She reassures him that their son , who is implied to also work on Wall Street , took a hit from the day s trading but will be okay . As the credits roll , Rogers continues to dig .