During a late-night beach party on Amity Island , a young woman goes swimming in the ocean . While treading water , she is violently pulled under . The next morning , her partial remains are found on shore . The medical examiner ruling the death a shark attack leads Police Chief Martin Brody to close the beaches . Mayor Larry Vaughn overrules him , fearing it will ruin the town s summer economy . The coroner now concurs with the mayor s theory that the girl was killed in a boating accident . Brody reluctantly accepts their conclusion until another fatal shark attack occurs shortly after . Amid an amateur shark-hunting frenzy , local professional shark hunter Quint offers his services for $ 10,000 . Meanwhile , consulting oceanographer Matt Hooper examines the first victim s remains and concludes the death was from a shark attack . When local fishermen catch a large tiger shark , the mayor proclaims the beaches safe . Hooper disputes it being the same predator , confirming this after no human remains are found inside it . Hooper and Brody find a half-sunken boat while searching the night waters in Hooper s boat . Hooper examines it underwater and retrieves a sizable great white shark s tooth embedded in the hull . He drops it after finding a partial corpse . Vaughn discounts Brody and Hooper s claims that a huge great white shark is responsible and refuses to close the beaches , allowing only added safety precautions . On the Fourth of July weekend , tourists pack the beaches . Following a juvenile prank , the real shark enters a nearby estuary , killing a boater and causing Brody s oldest son Michael to go into temporary shock . Brody finally convinces a devastated Vaughn to hire Quint . Quint , Brody , and Hooper set out on Quint s boat , the Orca , to hunt the shark . While Brody lays down a chum line , Quint waits for an opportunity to hook the shark . Without warning , it appears behind the boat . Quint , estimating its length at 25 feet ( 7.6Â m ) , harpoons it with a line attached to a flotation barrel , but the shark pulls the barrel underwater and disappears . At nightfall , the three retire to the boat s cabin and swap stories . The great white returns unexpectedly , ramming the boat s hull and killing the power . The men work through the night repairing the engine . In the morning , Brody attempts to call the Coast Guard , but Quint smashes the radio , enraging Brody . After a long chase , Quint harpoons another barrel into the shark . The line is tied to the stern , but the shark drags the boat backwards , swamping the deck and flooding the engine compartment . Quint severs the line to prevent the transom from being pulled out . He heads toward shore to draw the shark into shallower waters , but the overtaxed engine quits , immobilizing the boat . With the Orca slowly sinking , the trio attempt a riskier approach : Hooper dons scuba gear and enters the water in a shark-proof cage , intending to lethally inject the shark with strychnine using a hypodermic spear . The shark demolishes the cage before Hooper can inject it , but he manages to escape to the seabed . The shark then attacks the boat directly , crushing the transom and devouring Quint . Trapped on the sinking vessel , Brody stuffs a pressurized scuba tank into the shark s mouth , and , climbing the mast , shoots the tank with a rifle . The resulting explosion obliterates the shark . Hooper resurfaces , and he and Brody paddle to Amity Island clinging to boat wreckage .