An elderly woman tells her granddaughter a bedtime story of where snow comes from , by telling her the story of a young man named Edward who has scissors for hands . As the creation of an old Inventor , Edward was a human-like boy who was in the penultimate stage of work . The Inventor homeschooled Edward , but suffered a fatal heart attack and died just as he was about to fasten hands on Edward . Local Avon saleswoman Peg Boggs visits the decrepit Gothic mansion on the hill where Edward lives . She finds Edward alone – at first startled , but , upon realizing he means well and is virtually harmless , takes him to her home . Edward becomes friends with Peg s young son Kevin and her husband Bill . He later falls in love with the Boggs ' beautiful teenage daughter Kim , despite her initial fear of him . Peg s neighbors are impressed by Edward s adept hedge-trimming and hair-cutting skills , though an eccentric religious fanatic named Esmeralda and Kim s overbearing boyfriend Jim are fearful and contemptuous of him . Joyce , an ageing , unfaithful housewife in the Boggs ' neighborhood , has become fascinated with Edward and suggests that Edward open a hair-cutting salon with her . While examining a proposed site , she attempts to seduce him in the back room , causing Edward to leave in a panic , and Joyce rumoring of him trying to rape her . Wanting money for a van , Jim takes advantage of Edward s ability to pick locks to break into his parents ' house to steal from his wealthy but bullying father . The burglar alarm sounds and everyone except Edward flees after he is trapped by the automatic locks triggered by the alarm , despite Kim s insistence that they return for him , as the police have him arrested . He is released when a psychological examination reveals that his isolation allowed him to live without a sense of reality and common sense . Upon questioning by Peg , Edward takes full blame for the robbery , and is scrutinized for his behavior , believed to have committed the robbery as earlier he was denied a bank loan for his hair salon . During Christmas , Edward is cast out by almost everyone except the Boggs family . When Edward returns home , he reveals that he knew it was Jim s house and that he did it because she asked him to , much to Kim s shock . While the family is setting up Christmas decorations , Edward creates a large angel ice sculpture ( modelled on Kim ) . The shavings create an effect of falling snow , which Kim dances under . Jim arrives and calls out to Edward , startling him , resulting in Edward accidentally cutting Kim s hand . Jim accuses Edward of intentionally harming her and attacks him which causes Kim who is finally fed up with Jim s jealousy towards Edward to break up with him . Edward runs away , wandering the neighborhood in a rage , ruining one of his earlier hedge works , pokes a hole in the tire on someone s car , and trims a bush in Esmeralda s front yard into the shape of the devil . However , when a shaggy puppy comes near , Edward calms down , smiles at the dog and give it a trim . While Peg and Bill search for Edward , he returns and finds Kim alone in the Boggs ' house . She asks Edward to hold her , but he is afraid that he will hurt her again – she pulls his arms around her and they embrace . Jim returns to the Boggs ' house in a drunken rage to confront Kim , forcing his friend to drive his van while inebriated . Kevin is almost run over , but Edward pushes him out of the way , cutting Kevin s arms and face , causing witnesses to think he is attacking him . Jim then attacks him furiously and Edward cuts Jim s right arm . When the police arrive , Edward flees to the mansion as the neighbors pursue . Kim runs to the mansion , reuniting with Edward . Jim follows her and attacks them with a handgun , beating Edward severely , who refuses to fight until Jim strikes Kim across the face when she intervenes . Edward stabs Jim in the stomach and pushes him to fall out of a window to his death . Kim confesses her love for Edward and they share a kiss before saying goodbye . Kim tells the townspeople that Edward and Jim fought each other to death and tells them that the roof caved in on Edward , showing them a discarded scissor-hand from the Inventor s lab . The neighbors return home with Joyce feeling guilty for framing Edward and causing the neighbors to hate him . The elderly woman finishes telling her granddaughter the story , revealing that she is Kim and saying that she never saw Edward again . She chose not to visit him because decades have passed and she wanted him to remember her the way she was in her youth . She believes that Edward is still alive , immortal because he is artificial , and because of the winter snow that Edward creates by carving ice sculptures that scatter shavings over the neighborhood , and remind her of dancing in the snow long ago .