In 2035 , Lunar Industries has made a fortune after an oil crisis by building Sarang Station , an automated lunar facility to mine the alternative fuel helium-3 from Moon rocks , rich in the material . The facility is fully automated , requiring only a single human to maintain operations , oversee the harvesters , and launch canisters bound for Earth containing the extracted helium-3 . Currently , Sam Bell nears the end of his three-year work contract at Sarang Station . Chronic communication problems have disabled his live feed from Earth and limit him to occasional recorded messages from his wife Tess , who was pregnant with their daughter Eve when he left . His only companion is an artificial intelligence named GERTY , who assists with the base s automation and provides comfort for him . Two weeks before his return to Earth , Sam suffers from hallucinations of a teenage girl . One such image distracts him while he is out recovering a helium-3 canister from a harvester , causing him to crash his lunar rover into the harvester . Rapidly losing cabin air from the crash , Sam falls unconscious in the rover . Sam awakes in the base infirmary with no memory of the accident . He overhears GERTY receiving instructions from Lunar Industries to prevent him from leaving the base and to wait for the arrival of a rescue team . His suspicions aroused , he manufactures a fake problem to persuade GERTY to let him outside . He travels to the crashed rover , where he finds his unconscious doppelg채nger . He brings the double back to the base and tends to his injuries . The two Sams start to wonder if one is a clone of the other . After a heated argument and physical altercation , they together coerce GERTY into revealing that they are both clones of the original Sam Bell . GERTY activated the newest clone after the rover crash , and convinced him that he was at the beginning of his three-year contract . The two Sams search the facility , discovering a secret vault containing hundreds of hibernating clones . They determine that Lunar Industries is unethically using clones of the original Sam Bell to avoid the cost of new astronauts . The elder Sam drives past the interference radius in a second rover and tries to call Tess on Earth . He instead makes contact with Eve , now 15 years old , who says Tess died some years ago . He hangs up when Eve tells her father ( offscreen , identified as Original Sam in closed captioning ) that someone is calling regarding Tess . The two Sams realize that the incoming rescue team will kill them both if they are found together . The newer Sam suggests sending the other to Earth in one of the helium-3 transports , but the older Sam , with his health declining , knows that he will not live much longer ( he has learned that the clones are designed to break down at the end of the 3-year contract , their bodies disposed of under the guise of sending them back to Earth ) . He suggests the younger Sam leave instead . The older Sam plans to die by the crashed rover so Lunar Industries will not suspect anything until it is too late . The younger clone orders GERTY to revive a seventh clone to greet the rescuers . Following GERTY s advice , the younger Sam reboots GERTY to wipe its records of the events . Before leaving , the younger clone programs a harvester to crash and wreck a jamming antenna , thereby enabling live communications with Earth . The older Sam , back in the crippled rover , remains conscious long enough to watch the launch of the transport carrying the younger Sam to Earth . The transport arrives at Earth , and over the film s credits , news reports describe how Sam s testimony on Lunar Industries ' activities has stirred up an enormous controversy , and the company s unethical practices have plummeted the company s stock .