In the final days of the Italian Campaign of World War II , Hana , a French-Canadian nurse working and living in a bombed Italian monastery , looks after a critically burned man who speaks English but can not remember his name . They are joined by Kip , a Sikh sapper in the British Army who defuses bombs and has a love affair with Hana before leaving , and David Caravaggio , a Canadian Intelligence Corps operative who was questioned by Germans and has had his thumbs cut off during a German interrogation . He questions the patient , who gradually reveals his past . The patient tells Hana and Caravaggio that , in the late 1930s , he was exploring the desert of Libya . He is revealed to be Hungarian cartographer Count László de Almásy , who was mapping the Sahara as part of a Royal Geographical Society archeological and surveying expedition in Egypt and Libya with Englishman Peter Madox and others . Their expedition is joined by a British couple , Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton . Katherine and Almásy have an affair , which she abruptly ends . The explorers find and document the Cave of Swimmers and the surrounding area until they are stopped due to the onset of the war . Madox leaves his Tiger Moth plane at Kufra oasis before returning to England . While Almásy is packing up their base camp , Geoffrey , in attempted murder-suicide , deliberately crashes his plane , narrowly missing Almásy . Geoffrey is killed instantly , Katherine is seriously injured . Almásy carries her to the cave , leaving her with provisions , and begins a three-day walk to get help . At British-held El Tag he attempts to explain the situation , but is detained as a possible German spy and transported on a train . He escapes from the train and trades the Geographical Society maps to the Germans for gasoline . He finds Madox s Tiger Moth and flies back to the cave , but Katherine has died . As he flies himself and Katherine s body away , they are shot down by German anti-aircraft guns . Katherine s body is not recovered ; Almásy is badly burned but is rescued by a Bedouin . After he has related the story , Almásy asks Hana for a lethal dose of morphine ; she complies and reads Katherine s final journal entries to him as he dies . She and Caravaggio leave the monastery for Florence .