During a lunchtime tryst in Phoenix , Arizona , a real estate secretary named Marion Crane discusses with her boyfriend , Sam Loomis , how they can not afford to get married because of Sam s debts . After lunch , Marion returns to work , where a client drops off a $ 40,000 cash payment on a property . Her boss asks her to deposit the money in the bank , and she asks if she can take the rest of the afternoon off . Returning home , she begins to pack for an unplanned trip , deciding to steal the money and give it to Sam in Fairvale , California . She is seen by her boss on her way out of town , which makes her nervous . During the trip , she pulls over on the side of the road and falls asleep , only to be awakened by a state patrol officer . He is suspicious about her nervous behavior but allows her to drive on . Shaken by the encounter , Marion stops at an automobile dealership and trades in her Ford Mainline , with its Arizona license plates , for a Ford Custom 300 that has California tags . Her transaction is all for naught—the highway patrolman sees her at the car dealership and witnesses her purchase of the newer car . Driving on , Marion encounters a sudden rainstorm and decides to stop for the night at the Bates Motel ; the proprietor , Norman Bates , invites her to a light dinner after she checks in . She accepts , but then hears an argument between Norman and his mother about bringing a woman into her house . They eat in the motel parlor , where he tells her about his hobby of taxidermy and his life with his mother , who is mentally ill and forbids him to have a life outside of her . Returning to her room , Marion decides to go back to Phoenix to return the stolen money . She prepares to take a shower , unaware that Norman is spying on her . As she is showering , a shadowy female figure suddenly comes in and stabs her to death with a chef s knife . Norman discovers the murder and meticulously cleans up the crime scene , putting Marion s corpse and her possessions—including the embezzled money—into the trunk of her car and sinking it in the swamps near the motel . A week later , Marion s sister Lila arrives in Fairvale and confronts Sam about the whereabouts of her sister . A private investigator named Arbogast approaches them and confirms that Marion is wanted for stealing the $ 40,000 from her employer . He eventually comes across the Bates Motel , where Norman s behavior arouses his suspicions . After hearing that Marion had met with Norman s mother , he asks to speak with her , but Norman refuses . Arbogast calls Lila and Sam , informing them of what he has discovered and saying he intends to speak with Norman s mother . He goes to the Bates ' home in search of her ; as he reaches the top of the stairs , Mrs. Bates suddenly appears from the bedroom and murders him . When Lila and Sam do not hear from Arbogast , they go to the local sheriff , who informs them that Mrs. Bates has been dead for ten years ; she had killed herself and her lover . Concerned , Lila and Sam make their way to the motel . Norman takes his unwilling mother from her room , telling her he needs to hide her for a while in the fruit cellar . At the motel , Lila and Sam meet Norman . Sam distracts him by striking up a conversation while Lila sneaks up to the house . When Norman eventually realizes what they want , he knocks Sam out and rushes to the house . Lila sees Norman approaching and attempts to hide by going down steps that lead to a cellar . There she finds Mrs. Bates sitting in a chair . Lila turns her around and discovers that she is in fact a mummified corpse . Lila screams as a figure comes running into the cellar : Norman , holding a chef s knife and wearing his mother s clothes and a wig . Before Norman can attack Lila , Sam , having regained consciousness , subdues him . At the local courthouse , a psychiatrist explains that Norman murdered Mrs. Bates and her lover 10 years prior out of jealousy . Unable to bear the guilt , he exhumed her corpse and began to treat it as if she were still alive . In order to preserve that illusion , he recreated his mother in his own mind as an alternate personality , often dressing in her clothes and talking to himself in her voice . The Mother personality is as jealous and possessive as the real Mrs. Bates had been : Whenever Norman feels attracted to another woman , Mother flies into a rage and kills her . As Mother , Norman had killed two missing girls prior to Marion , as well as Arbogast . The psychiatrist then says the Mother personality has taken permanent hold of Norman s mind . While Norman sits in a holding cell , Mrs. Bates ' voice is heard protesting that the murders were Norman s doing and that she would n't even harm a fly . Meanwhile , Marion s car is pulled out of the swamp .