The action of the story takes place in 1757 during the French and Indian War ( part of the Seven Years ' War ) in the Adirondack Mountains in what was then the British colony of New York . Three frontiersmen are traveling west to find a new home . The oldest is Chingachgook , the last chief of the Mohican tribe . With him are his son , Uncas , and an adopted son , a white man named Nathaniel Poe , who also goes by the name Nathaniel Hawkeye . Meanwhile , British Army Major Duncan Heyward has arrived in Albany . He has been sent to serve under Colonel Edmund Munro , the commander of Fort William Henry , along Lake George , an important point in the defense of New York against the French in Canada . Heyward has also been given the assignment of escorting the colonel’s two daughters , Cora and Alice , to the fort to join their father . He is a family friend , and in love with Cora , and proposes to her before they leave . She does not give him an answer . Major Heyward , the two women , and a troop of British soldiers march through the rugged countryside to reach the fort . They are led by a single guide , Magua , a warrior of the Huron tribe . Suddenly , Magua leads the party into an ambush , where many of the soldiers are killed , but Heyward and the women survive . The fight is interrupted by the arrival of Chingachgook and his sons , who kill the enemy warriors while Magua escapes . The major and the women are now stranded and the Mohicans and Hawkeye agree to accompany them the rest of the way . Hawkeye observes that Magua attempted to kill Cora , and asks Duncan about any ties to the Huron . During this trek , Cora begins to form a bond with Hawkeye , and Heyward notices . When they arrive near the fort , they find it under siege by the French . They enter the fort during the bombardment , and are greeted by Colonel Munro , who asks Major Heyward about the reinforcements . The Colonel admits to Heyward and the others that the fort is about to fall . While there , Cora and Hawkeye share a passionate kiss . Heyward begins to suspect Cora’s attraction to Hawkeye , and erupts in jealousy . In response , Cora finally tells him she will not marry him . The fort falls , but the French general , Louis-Joseph de Montcalm , paroles the remaining British troops and allows them to return to Albany safely . It is revealed that Magua and his Huron army are allies of the French . In a secret meeting , Magua reveals his hatred for Colonel Munro , and his desire for revenge for the murder of his family . The following day , Colonel Munro and everyone else march with the British garrison from the fort . In the countryside , Magua and his Huron warriors ambush the British , and Magua kills Colonel Munro . Hawkeye and the Mohicans fight their way through , leading Cora , Alice , and Heyward from the battle , though Magua later captures the Major and the women , and takes them prisoner . At a Huron village , Magua presents the women and the officer to a sachem , a chief , in hopes of gaining recognition as a war leader . His appeals are interrupted by Hawkeye , who has come to plead for the lives of the prisoners . The sachem rules that while Heyward is to return to the British and Alice is to be given to Magua , Cora is to be burned alive . Hawkeye asks Heyward , who is serving as translator between Hawkeye and the sachem , to take his life in Cora s place . In a final gesture of affection and redemption , Heyward arranges to be executed in Cora’s place . Once Cora and Hawkeye escape , Hawkeye shoots Heyward in the head just as he is about to be engulfed by the flames . Later , along steep mountain trails , Chingachgook , Uncas , and Hawkeye track and ambush Magua’s war party to free Alice . Uncas is killed by Magua and thrown down the mountain . Alice chooses to calmly step off the cliff to her death rather than go to the beckoning Magua . In single combat with Chingachgook , Magua is defeated and killed . In the end , during a funeral ritual with Hawkeye and Cora , Chingachgook prays to the Great Spirit in honor of Uncas , calling himself the last of the Mohicans .