Mick O'Brien ( Sean Penn ) is a 16-year-old Irish-American hoodlum from Chicago . While most of Mick s crimes involve snatching purses , vandalism , and getting into brawls , he aspires to bigger and meaner things , which leads him to attempt ripping off a Puerto Rican rival , Paco Moreno ( Esai Morales ) . Everything goes wrong : Mick s partner and best friend Carl ( Alan Ruck ) is killed , and Mick , while trying to escape the police , accidentally runs over and kills an eight-year-old boy who happens to be Paco s brother . Mick is sent to the Rainford Juvenile Correctional Facility rather than a state prison for adults . Most of the wardens and counselors seem to have lowered themselves to the role of zookeepers . The only exception is Ramon Herrera ( Reni Santoni ) , a former gang member who talks tough to the inmates , but holds out hope for some of them , especially Mick . Mick s cellmate is Barry Horowitz ( Eric Gurry ) , a small , wiry , brainy Jewish kid who firebombed a bowling alley after some boys there severely beat him ( for flirting with their girlfriends ) . Their cell block is dominated by a pair of brawny sadists named Viking Lofgren ( Clancy Brown ) and Warren Tweety Jerome ( Robert Lee Rush ) . As soon as their alpha male status is established , Mick takes his first step toward defining himself by refusing to be intimidated by them . Meanwhile , to avenge his brother s death , Paco rapes Mick s girlfriend J.C. ( Ally Sheedy ) . After hearing of the rape , Mick is desperate to see her , so he and Horowitz escape the double perimeter fences during football practice via the use of a corrosive paste placed on the fences , making the fences weak enough to kick open . Mick escapes , but Horowitz falls on barbed wire and is then caught where a counselor beats him up for calling him names and escaping . Ramon believes that Mick had gone to J.C. s house , and soon picks him up . He then takes him on a trip to a maximum-security prison to show what s in store for him , should he continue down the path of crime . After Paco s arrest upon the police finding out about the rape on J.C. , he is sentenced to the same dormitory at Rainford that Mick is in . The staff are fully aware of this potential danger , but no other reform school has a vacancy . Meanwhile , in an attempt to injure Paco for Mick , Horowitz plants fertilizer into a radio that he has placed in Paco and Viking s cell . When the charge explodes prematurely and only injures Viking , Horowitz is condemned to permanent solitary confinement , a fate he fears more than any other . Eventually , Paco s transfer is arranged , so he plans his showdown with Mick for the night before . While Herrera was on night patrol , Paco fakes a ruptured appendix so Herrera comes to his aid . Herrera is assaulted , then caged in the office . The door into the cells is then barricaded , and the entire dormitory is aroused by the brawl . Eventually , Mick comes out on top , and the film ends with him very nearly killing Paco while being encouraged by the others to do it . However , resisting at the last second , he doesn´t do it . He then drags a beaten Paco in front of the caged Ramon and other detention officers and heads back to his cell , crying in remorse .