Skye ( Brooke Shields ) is interviewing beloved former child star Ricky Coogin ( Alex Winter ) . Rather bluntly , Skye asks how Ricky so quickly went from one of America s sweethearts to a name that makes children scream in terror . It all began when he accepted a job from the slimy mega-corporation E.E.S . to promote Zygrot 24 , a controversial and lethal toxic fertilizer , in South America . Although hesitant at first , the greedy , self-centered Coogin caves in after their sleazy chairman ( William Sadler ) offers him $ 5,000,000 and he hops on the first plane to South America with his buddy Ernie ( Michael Stoyanov ) . During their flight , the duo have a run-in with Ricky s 12-year old number one fan Stuey Gluck ( Alex Zuckerman ) . Once Ricky and Ernie arrive in the country of Santa Flan , they cross paths with a group of protesters , specifically the hard-willed and attractive young environmentalist Julie ( Megan Ward ) . The two con Julie into thinking they re also environmentalists and she agrees to join them on a trip to an anti-Zygrot 24 protest . However , she soon finds out their true identities and the three are stuck with each other for the rest of the drive . They decide to take a detour to see Freek Land , a freak show , and they wind up in the clutches of demented proprietor Elijah C. Skuggs ( Randy Quaid ) and his henchman , the long-tongued Toad ( Jaime Cardriche ) . Skuggs introduces them to his Tasty Freekz Machine , a contraption powered by Zygrot 24 that morphs regular people into Hideous Mutant Freekz to become part of his show . Julie and Ernie are merged into a pair of conjoined twins and Ricky is transformed into a hideous half-man , half-monster . Ricky meets the other freaks : Ortiz the Dog Boy ( Keanu Reeves ) , the self-proclaimed Leader of the Freaks ; Worm ( Derek McGrath ) , the half-man , half-worm ; Nosey ( Jeff Kahn ) , whose entire head is one big nose ; Cowboy ( John Hawkes ) , the half-man , half-cow ; the Bearded Lady ( Mr. T ) ; Sockhead ( Bobcat Goldthwait ) , who has a sock puppet for a head ; The Eternal Flame ( Lee Arenberg ) , who has constant flaming flatulence ; Rosie the Pinhead ; The Hideous Frogman ( Tim Burns ) , a Frenchman in a scuba suit ; and the skeleton of Paul Lynde . At first , Ricky wants nothing to do with any of the other freaks , but soon warms up to them after hearing their stories of how they came to be here . Meanwhile , he discovers that he s developed a telepathic bond with Stuey and summons him to get help . Stuey manages to sell Ricky s story to the Weekly World News , but ends up being captured by a group of shady businessmen that presumably work for Elijah . Ricky eventually finds out that Elijah s Zygrot suppliers are none other than E.E.S. , who arrive at Freek Land with a shipment of Zygrot and an imprisoned Stuey Gluck . As they discuss their plans to mutate the world s population into an efficient workforce , Stuey follows a telepathic tip from Rick and manages to escape , grabbing the tainted batch of Zygrot along the way . Elijah goes ahead and infects Ricky with his own Zygrot , turning him into an equally grotesque seven-foot monster . As the Ricky Monster and Stuey Monster battle to the death onstage , Elijah catches the E.E.S . executives double-crossing him and stealing his Tasty Freaks Machine . Right before the Ricky Monster is about to destroy the Stuey Monster , however , a wave of compassion comes over him , and he drops his weapon and gives Stuey a hug . Enraged , Elijah unsuccessfully tries to fight the Ricky Monster , who bashes him in the head , paralyzing him . They are then joined by the still-mutated Ortiz and the Stuey Monster before it s revealed that Skye Daley is actually Elijah C. Skuggs . Skuggs lunges after Ricky with a machete , only to be gunned down by the now normal Julie . As she embraces Ricky , Skye rises again , this time to be gunned down by Ernie .