In 1947 , toons act out theatrical cartoon shorts as with live-action films ; they regularly interact with real people and animals and reside in Toontown , an animated portion of Los Angeles . Private detective Eddie Valiant and his brother , Teddy , once worked closely with the toons on several famous cases , but after Teddy was killed by a toon , Eddie lapsed into alcoholism and vowed never to work for toons again . One day , R.K. Maroon , head of Maroon Cartoon Studios , is concerned about the recent poor acting performances of one of his biggest stars , Roger Rabbit . Maroon hires Valiant to investigate rumors about Roger s voluptuous toon wife Jessica being romantically involved with businessman and gadgets inventor , Marvin Acme , owner of both Acme Corporation and Toontown . After watching Jessica perform at the underground Ink & Paint Club , Valiant secretly takes photographs of her and Acme playing patty-cake in her dressing room , which he shows to Roger . Maroon suggests to Roger that he should leave Jessica , but a drunken Roger refuses and flees . The next morning , Acme is discovered dead at his factory with a safe dropped on his head , and evidence points to Roger being responsible . While investigating , Valiant meets Judge Doom , Toontown s Superior Court judge , who has created a substance capable of killing a toon : a toxic chemical known as The Dip . Valiant runs into Roger s toon co-star , Baby Herman , who believes Roger is innocent and that Acme s missing will , which will give the toons ownership of Toontown , may be the key to his murder . He then finds Roger hiding in his office , who begs him to help exonerate him . Valiant reluctantly hides Roger in a local bar where his ex-girlfriend , Dolores , works . Later , Jessica approaches Valiant and says that Maroon had forced her to pose for the photographs so that he could blackmail Acme . Doom and his toon-weasel henchmen discover Roger , but he and Valiant escape with Benny , an anthropomorphic toon cab . They flee to a theater , where Valiant tells Roger about Teddy s death . As they leave with Dolores , Valiant sees a newsreel detailing the sale of Maroon Cartoons to Cloverleaf , a mysterious corporation that bought the city s trolley network shortly before Acme s murder . Valiant goes to the studio to confront Maroon , leaving Roger to guard outside , but Jessica knocks him out and puts him in the trunk . Maroon tells Valiant that he blackmailed Acme into selling his company so that he could then sell the studio , but is shot dead before he can explain the consequences of the missing will . Valiant spots Jessica fleeing the scene and , assuming she is the culprit , follows her into Toontown . Jessica reveals that Doom killed Acme and Maroon , and that the former had given her his will for safe-keeping , but she discovered that the will was blank . She and Valiant are then captured by Doom and the weasels . At the Acme factory , Doom reveals his plot to destroy Toontown with a giant machine loaded with Dip to build a freeway , the only way past Toontown since Cloverleaf ( which Doom owns ) has bought out Los Angeles ' tram system . Roger unsuccessfully attempts to save Jessica , and the couple is tied onto a hook in front of the machine s hose . Valiant then performs a comedic vaudeville act , causing the weasels to die of laughter ; Valiant kicks their leader , Smart Ass , into the machine s Dip vat . Valiant then fights Doom , who is eventually flattened by a steamroller , but survives . Eddie is shocked when Doom reveals that he is a toon in disguise—the same toon who killed Teddy . Valiant uses a toon mallet with a spring-loaded boxing glove , and fires it at a switch that causes the machine to empty its Dip onto Doom , killing him . The empty machine crashes through the wall into Toontown , where it is destroyed by a train . Numerous toons run in to regard Doom s remains , and Roger discovers that he inadvertently wrote his love letter for Jessica on Acme s will , which was written in disappearing-reappearing ink . Roger then shocks Valiant with a joy buzzer , and Valiant gives him a kiss , having regained his sense of humor . Valiant happily enters Toontown with Dolores , and Roger with Jessica , followed by the other toons .