In 1914 , aliens known as Mondoshawans arrive at an ancient Egyptian temple to collect , for safekeeping , the only weapon capable of defeating a great evil that appears every 5,000 years . The weapon consists of four stones , representing the four classical elements , and a sarcophagus containing a fifth element in the form of a human , which combines the power of the other four elements into a divine light capable of defeating the evil . The Mondoshawans promise their human contact , a priest from a secret order , that they will come back with the element stones in time to stop the great evil when it returns . In 2263 , the great evil appears in deep space in the form of a giant ball of black fire , and destroys an attacking Earth spaceship . The Mondoshawans ' current contact on Earth , priest Vito Cornelius ( Ian Holm ) , informs the President of the Federated Territories ( Tom Lister Jr. ) of the history of the great evil and the weapon that can stop it . As the Mondoshawans return to Earth they are ambushed by Mangalores , a race hired by the industrialist Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg ( Gary Oldman ) , who has been instructed by the great evil to acquire the stones . The Mondoshawans ' spacecraft is destroyed , though the stones are not on board ; the only item recovered is a hand of The Fifth Element . Scientists take it to a New York City laboratory and use it to reconstruct a powerful humanoid woman who takes the name Leeloo ( Milla Jovovich ) . Terrified of the unfamiliar surroundings , she breaks out of confinement and jumps off a high ledge , crashing into the flying taxicab of Korben Dallas ( Bruce Willis ) , a former major in the special forces . Dallas delivers Leeloo to Cornelius and his apprentice , David ( Charlie Creed-Miles ) , whereupon Cornelius learns that the Mondoshawans entrusted the four element stones to the alien Diva Plavalaguna ( Ma誰wenn Le Besco ) , an opera singer . Zorg kills many of the Mangalores because of their failure to obtain the stones , but their compatriots determine to seize the artifacts for themselves . Upon learning from the Mondoshawans that the stones are in Plavalaguna s possession , General Munro ( Brion James ) , Dallas ' former superior , recommissions Dallas and orders him to travel undercover to meet Plavalaguna on a luxury intergalactic cruise ; Dallas takes Leeloo with him . Meanwhile , Cornelius instructs David to prepare the ancient temple designed to house the stones , then stows away on the space plane transporting Dallas to the cruise liner . Plavalaguna is killed when the Mangalores attack the ship , but Dallas succeeds in retrieving the stones from the Diva . During his struggle with the Mangalores he kills their leader . Meanwhile , Zorg shoots and seriously wounds Leeloo , before finding a carrying case that he presumes contains the stones and takes it back to his spacecraft , leaving behind a time bomb that forces the liner s occupants to evacuate . Discovering the case to be empty , Zorg returns to the ship and deactivates his bomb , but a dying Mangalore sets off his own device , destroying the ship and killing Zorg . Dallas , Cornelius , Leeloo , and talk-show host Ruby Rhod ( Chris Tucker ) escape with the stones aboard Zorg s spacecraft . The four join up with David at the weapon chamber in the Egyptian temple as the great evil approaches . They arrange the stones and are able to activate them with their corresponding elements , but having witnessed and studied so much violence , Leeloo has become disenchanted with humanity and refuses to cooperate . Dallas confesses his love for Leeloo and kisses her . In response , Leeloo combines the power of the stones and releases the divine light on the great evil and destroying its power , causing the planet to be proclaimed dead by Earth scientists as it becomes another moon in Earth orbit .