Kevin Flynn is a software engineer , formerly employed by the computer corporation ENCOM , who now runs a video arcade called Flynn s . He wrote several video games , but Ed Dillinger , another ENCOM engineer , stole them and passed them off as his own , earning himself a series of promotions until reaching Senior Executive VP . Having left the company , Flynn attempts to obtain evidence of Dillinger s actions by hacking the ENCOM mainframe , but is repeatedly stopped by the Master Control Program - MCP for short - an artificial intelligence written by Dillinger . However , since its inception , the MCP has become power-hungry , illegally appropriating business and even government programs and absorbing them to increase its own capabilities ; it informs Dillinger of its plans to subjugate the Pentagon and the Kremlin , and expresses interest in China with its request for Chinese-translation programs , blackmailing Dillinger into compliance with records of his theft of the games . Flynn s ex-girlfriend Lora Baines and fellow ENCOM engineer Alan Bradley warn Flynn that Dillinger knows about his hacking attempts and has tightened security . Flynn persuades them to sneak him inside ENCOM where he forges a higher security clearance for Alan s recently developed security program called Tron . In response , the MCP uses an experimental laser to digitize and download Flynn into the ENCOM mainframe cyberspace called the Grid , where programs are living entities appearing in the likeness of the human users who created them . Flynn quickly learns that the MCP and its second-in-command , Sark , rule over programs and coerce them to renounce their belief in the Users . Those who resist the MCP s tyrannical power over the Grid are forced to play in martial games in which the losers are destroyed . Flynn is forced to fight other programs and meets Tron and Ram between matches . The three escape into the mainframe during a Light Cycle match , but shortly afterwards Flynn and Ram are separated from Tron by an MCP pursuit party . When Ram is mortally wounded and dies , Flynn , learns that as a User he can manipulate energy and matter inside the Grid , effectively allowing him to influence the environment and reality of the realm . He uses his abilities to make a destroyed pursuit ship piece itself together , effectively repairing it . He disguises himself as one of Sark s men with his powers and meets Tron again . Tron reunites with his love , Yori , and at an input/output junction receives instructions from Alan about how to destroy the MCP . Tron , Flynn and Yori board a solar sailor simulation to reach the MCP s core , but Sark s command ship destroys the sailor , capturing Flynn and Yori . Sark leaves the command ship and orders its destruction , but Flynn keeps it intact with his powers while Sark reaches the MCP s core on a shuttle carrying captured programs . While the MCP attempts to consume the captive programs , Tron confronts Sark and critically damages him , prompting the MCP to transfer its powers to him , thereby transforming him into a giant . Tron attempts to break through the shield protecting the MCP s core while Flynn leaps into the MCP , distracting it long enough to reveal a gap in its shield . Tron throws his disc through the gap and destroys the MCP and Sark , ending the MCP s tyrannical rule . As programs all over the system begin to communicate with their users , Flynn is sent back to the real world , quickly reconstructed at his terminal . A nearby printer produces the evidence that Dillinger had plagiarized his creations . The next morning , Dillinger enters his office and finds the MCP deactivated , and the proof of his theft publicized . He slumps at his desk , elated that he is no longer at the Master Control Program s mercy , and yet defeated in that he is no longer under its protection either . Flynn takes his rightful place as ENCOM s new CEO and is greeted by Alan and Lora on his first day .