Walt Kowalski ( Clint Eastwood ) is a cantankerous , retired Polish American assembly line worker and Korean War veteran , who has recently been widowed after 50 years of marriage , causing him to be a lapsed Catholic . His Highland Park , Michigan neighborhood in the Detroit area , formerly populated by working class white families , is now dominated by poor Asian immigrants , and gang violence is commonplace . Adding to his isolation and detachment are his feelings towards his married sons and their families . He rejects a suggestion from one of his sons to move to a retirement community ( sensing that they want his home and possessions ) , and lives alone with his elderly dog . A longtime cigarette smoker , Walt suffers from coughing fits , occasionally coughing up blood , but conceals this from his family . Roman Catholic priest Father Janovich ( Christopher Carley ) tries to comfort him , but Walt disdains the young , inexperienced man . Eventually , Walt opens up to the priest , revealing that he is still haunted by memories of the war . The Hmong Vang Lor family reside next door to Walt . Initially , he wants nothing to do with his new neighbors , particularly after he catches Thao ( Bee Vang ) attempting to steal his 1972 Ford Gran Torino as a coerced initiation into a Hmong gang run by Thao s cousin , Fong , whose nickname is Spider . The gang is infuriated by Thao s failure and they attack him , but Walt confronts them with an M1 Garand rifle and chases them off , earning the respect of the Hmong community . As penance , Thao s mother makes him work for Walt , who has him do odd jobs around the neighborhood , and the two form a grudging mutual respect . Thao s sister Sue ( Ahney Her ) introduces Walt to Hmong culture and helps him bond with the Hmong community , who soon become more like family to Walt than his actual family and he , in turn , becomes a better man to them than their own father was . Walt helps Thao get a job and gives him dating advice . Walt eventually visits a doctor regarding his coughing fits , where it is implied that he does n't have very long to live . Spider s gang continues to pressure Thao , assaulting him on his way home from work . After he sees Thao s injuries , Walt visits the gang s house , where he attacks a gang member as a warning . In retaliation , the gang performs a drive-by shooting on the Vang Lor home , injuring Thao . They also kidnap and rape Thao s sister Sue . There are no other witnesses , while the community members , including the victims , refuse to assist the police to incriminate the assaulters . The next day , Thao seeks Walt s help to exact revenge , whereas Walt tells him to return later in the afternoon . In the meantime , Walt makes personal preparations : he buys a suit , gets a haircut , and makes a confession to Father Janovich , who had pressured him to make it at the behest of his late wife . When Thao returns , Walt takes him to the basement , gives him his Silver Star medal , and tells him of his haunting memory of having killed a surrendering enemy soldier . He then locks Thao in his basement , until the revenge is over , to make sure the boy will never be haunted by killing someone , with his life ahead of him . That night Walt goes to the gang members ' house , where they draw their weapons on him . He loudly berates them and enumerates their crimes , drawing the attention of the neighbors . Putting a cigarette in his mouth , he asks for a light , then puts his hand in his jacket and provocatively pulls it out as if he were holding a gun , causing the gang members to shoot and kill him . As he falls to the ground , his hand opens to reveal the Zippo cigarette lighter with the 1st Cavalry insignia that he had used throughout the film , revealing that he was unarmed . Sue , following Walt s directions earlier , frees Thao , and they drive to the scene in Walt s Gran Torino . One of the police officers tells them that all gang members have been placed under arrest for the murder , a crime which the family and the entire community come forward to witness this time . Walt s funeral Mass is celebrated by Father Janovich and attended by his family and many of the Hmong community , many of whom are wearing traditional attire ; their presence visibly puzzles Walt s family . Later , his last will and testament is read . To the surprise of his family , Walt leaves them nothing : his house goes to the church and his cherished Gran Torino goes to Thao , with the condition that he wo n't modify the vehicle . As the film ends , Thao is seen driving the car along Jefferson Avenue with Walt s dog .