In 2805 , Earth is abandoned and largely contaminated with garbage , with its people evacuating with megacorporation Buy-N-Large s starliners . In place , BnL leaves WALL-E compactors to clean up , however only one survives and gains sentience . One day , WALL-E discovers a healthy seedling . Later , a spaceship deploys an EVE probe from the starliner Axiom to scan Earth . WALL-E is infatuated with the initially hostile EVE , who gradually befriends him . When WALL-E brings EVE to his trailer and shows her the plant , she standbys and encapsulates the plant . WALL-E , confused , unsuccessfully tries to reactivate her . The ship then collects EVE , with WALL-E clinging on , and travels to the nebula-concealed Axiom . Onboard , the ship s passengers have become obese due to microgravity and reliance on automated crew and hoverchairs . The ship s current captain , McCrea , leaves primary controls under the robotic autopilot , AUTO . WALL-E follows EVE to the captain s bridge , where McCrea learns that by placing the plant in the Holo-Detector to verify , the Axiom will hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize it . However , AUTO orders McCrea s robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of his own no-return directive A113 , which was issued to BnL autopilots after the corporation concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved . EVE is considered faulty and taken to Diagnostics , along with WALL-E for cleaning , mistaking the procedure as torture and accidentally freeing malfunctioning robots . Sentinels target the duo , while EVE evades them and takes WALL-E an escape pod to send him home for safety . However , GO-4 is revealed to have the plant , placing it inside a self-destruct pod , jettisoning it as WALL-E enters . WALL-E escapes with the plant before self-destruction and uses a fire extinguisher to propel himself , where he and EVE reconcile and dance in space . When the plant is brought to the captain , EVE s recordings of Earth are analyzed and McCrea concludes that they must restore it . However , AUTO reveals his directive and mutinies , severely tasering WALL-E and shutting down EVE but destroying GO-4 accidentally . McCrea activates the ship s Holo-Detector , but AUTO crushes WALL-E by closing it before McCrea , forced to walk , disables him and EVE activates the hyperjump . Having arrived back on Earth , EVE repairs and reactivates him , with his memory erased and defaulted . Heartbroken , EVE gives WALL-E an electrical farewell kiss , restoring his memory and personality . WALL-E and EVE reunite as the humans and robots of the Axiom restore Earth and its environment .