In Manhattan , cockroaches are spreading the deadly Strickler s disease that is claiming hundreds of the city s children . Entomologist Susan Tyler uses genetic engineering to create what her colleague ( and husband ) Peter Mann and she call the Judas breed , a large insect that releases an enzyme which causes the roaches metabolism to speed up and starve themselves to death . It successfully kills off the disease . The released population was all-female and designed with a lifespan of only a few months , so that it would only last one generation . Three years later , a reverend is chased and dragged underground by a strange assailant . The only witness is Chuy , the special ward of an immigrant subway shoe-shiner named Manny . Two kids later sell a weird bug from the subway to Susan , which she performs test on , and realises is part of the Judas breed . Looking for more valuable specimens , the kids go down the tracks where they find a large egg sac and are then killed . Chuy also enters the church to find Mr . Funny Shoes and is abducted . Peter , CDC officer Josh and subway cop Leonard enter the maintenance tunnels to investigate but Peter and Leonard get separated from Josh , who is then killed trying to find his way back up . Susan is taken from the train platform by one of the creatures and brought into the tunnels . Manny also enters the tunnels in search of Chuy and comes across Susan , whom he rescues along with Peter and Leonard , before they barricade themselves in a train car . Susan surmises that the Judas ' accelerated metabolism has allowed it to reproduce and that they have evolved to mimic their human prey . The group formulates a plan to get the car moving : Peter will switch the power on , and Manny will switch the tracks . Susan projects that the Judas will spread throughout the tunnels unless they are able to kill the single fertile male . Manny finds Chuy but is killed by the male Judas , so Susan goes in search of him but finds only Chuy . Leonard s injured leg starts bleeding heavily , so he causes a distraction from the others , and is killed . Peter finds a dumbwaiter and puts Susan and Chuy in it , but stays behind to destroy the breed for good . He gets chased into a room where hundreds are nesting , and blows them all up by setting fire to a loose gas pipe , before diving underwater to safety . The male Judas escapes the blast and goes after Chuy but is distracted by Susan , who has it chase her into the path of an oncoming train . The two make it to the surface , where they are reunited with Peter , who Susan had assumed died in the blast .