Sportswriter Al Stump is hired in 1960 as ghostwriter of an authorized autobiography of baseball player Tyrus Raymond Ty Cobb . Now 73 and in failing health , Cobb wants an official biography to set the record straight before he dies . Stump arrives at Cobb s Lake Tahoe estate to write the official life story of the first baseball player inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame . He finds a continually-drunken , misanthropic , bitter racist who abuses his biographer as well as everyone else he comes in contact with . Although Cobb s home is luxurious , it is without heat , power and running water due to long-running violent disputes between Cobb and utility companies . Cobb also rapidly runs through domestic workers , hiring and firing them in quick succession . Although Cobb is seriously ill and prone to frequent physical breakdown , he retains considerable strength and also keeps several loaded firearms within easy reach at almost all times , making the outbreak of violent confrontation always an immediate possibility in his presence . Cobb almost gets killed in an automobile accident off the Donner Pass , driving recklessly in a blizzard . Stump rescues him , but Cobb then seizes control of Stump s car until he gets into another accident . The car has to be towed to Reno . Stump and Cobb go see a show at a Reno resort hotel featuring Keely Smith and Louis Prima , whose act Cobb rudely interrupts . A cigarette girl , Ramona , becomes interested in Stump , but when Cobb barges into the hotel room , he s in a jealous rage . He takes Ramona to another room , where he physically abuses her . Cobb and Stump travel together cross-country by automobile to the Baseball Hall of Fame s induction weekend in Cooperstown , New York , where many star players from Cobb s era are in attendance , including Rogers Hornsby and Mickey Cochrane . Cobb is haunted by images from his violent past as he views film footage of his career . From there , Cobb and Stump drive south to Cobb s native Georgia , where his estranged daughter continues to live . She refuses to see him . Stump , having spent months with Cobb witnessing his behavior and absorbing considerable abuse , is torn between creating the autobiography that Cobb hired him to write and writing his own book on Cobb s true self . Cobb begins to regard Stump as a friend of sorts ; it is clear his conduct has driven away virtually all his legitimate friends and family . Stump writes two books simultaneously : the one Cobb expects , and his own , sensational , merciless account which will reveal the real Cobb , warts and all . Stump plans to complete Cobb s version while the old man is still alive , guaranteeing his payment for the project , letting Cobb die happy , then issue the hard-hitting followup after Cobb is gone . After a long night of drinking when his own personal life begins to unravel , Stump passes out . Cobb discovers his notes for the no-punches-pulled version , bringing on an epic explosion . Cobb begins to cough up blood and is taken to a hospital , where he wields a gun and treats doctors and nurses as harshly as he has everyone else . Stump gains a grudging respect for the player s legendary intensity and fearsome competitive fire , as well as an understanding that the murder of Cobb s father may have been partly responsible for his antagonistic personality . Stump is conflicted in his opinion of Cobb , and , in the end , completes the glowing autobiography Cobb hired him to write .