Charlie O'Brien , the proprietor of a small traveling circus , encounters an elderly man , Jacob Jankowski , who is separated from his nursing home group . The two strike up a conversation and Jacob reveals he had a career in the circus business and was present during one of the most infamous circus disasters of all time , the 1944 Hartford circus fire and the Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus wreck . Jankowski tells his story to O'Brien , starting in 1931 when he was a 23-year-old veterinary medicine student at Cornell . During his final exam , he is informed that his parents were killed in a car crash . His father has left huge debts , and the bank was foreclosing on Jacob s home . Feeling there is no point in returning to school , and having no home to go to , he jumps onto a passing train where he meets a man named Camel . Jacob discovers that he jumped on the Benzini Bros. circus train . He sees a beautiful woman , Marlena Rosenbluth , and meets August , the circus s ringmaster , head animal trainer , and Marlena s husband . Jacob reveals he studied veterinary science and August hires Jacob as a vet for the circus animals after Jacob tells August that Silver has laminitis . August instructs Jacob to fix Silver and keep him performing as long as possible . But Jacob can not bear to see Silver s suffering and takes it upon himself to put Silver down . August is furious with Jacob s decision to euthanize Silver against orders . To show Jacob who is boss , he threatens to throw him from the moving train — telling him that an animal s suffering is nothing compared to a man s , and that Jacob must carry out all of August s future orders if he wishes to keep his job . August eventually procures Rosie the elephant as Silver s replacement . He invites Jacob to his car for dinner and cocktails with him and Marlena . Jacob watches the married couple flirt and dance in front of him , but it becomes clear that their relationship is complicated because August is possessive , jealous and rough with Marlena . In the next few weeks , August becomes frustrated when Rosie the elephant seems impossible to train . August is brutal with Rosie , beating her when she fails to follow orders . After a beating that August gave to Rosie when she ran away after fleeing from the event and dropping Marlena , Jacob realizes that the elephant only understands Polish commands . After that , Rosie performs beautifully and the circus enjoys a short period of success . While working together to train Rosie , Jacob and Marlena fall in love . After August discovers this , he cruelly taunts the two . Marlena discovers that August plans to throw Jacob from the train and they run away together , hiding in a local hotel . Soon after consummating their relationship , they are ambushed by August s henchmen who drag Marlena away and beat up Jacob . Jacob returns to the circus to find Marlena . Marlena tells Jacob that his friends Walter and Camel were thrown from the train and killed . Several circus employees have become fed up with August s murderous cruelty and unleash their revenge by unlocking all the animals ' cages while the big top tent is jam-packed with an audience enjoying Marlena and Rosie s performance . Jacob attempts to find Marlena in the chaos and August attacks him . When Marlena tries to stop August from beating Jacob , he turns his fury on her and chokes her , while one of August s henchmen beats Jacob . Two circus workers save Jacob and he sees Rosie hit August on the back of the head with a metal spike , killing him . He returned to Cornell and finished his degree . He and Marlena took several of the horses and Rosie and got jobs with Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus with he as a veterinarian and she continuing to perform with the animals . They married and had five children and kept Rosie until her death many years later . He took a job as a vet at the Albany Zoo and Marlena died peacefully in her bed at an old age . He convinces O'Brien to hire him in the ticket booth .