Barbara and Adam Maitland decide to spend their vacation decorating their idyllic Connecticut country home . As the two are driving home from a trip to town , Barbara swerves to avoid a dog and the car plunges into a river . After they return home , she and Adam notice that they now lack reflections and they discover a Handbook for the Recently Deceased . They then begin to suspect that they did not survive the car accident ; Adam attempts to leave the house but finds himself in a strange , otherworldly landscape covered in sand and populated by enormous sandworms . The house is sold and the new owners , the Deetz family , arrive from New York City . Charles Deetz is a former real estate developer ; his second wife Delia is a self-proclaimed sculptor ; and his goth daughter Lydia , from his first marriage , is an aspiring photographer . Under the guidance of interior designer Otho , the Deetzes transform the house into tasteless pastel-toned modern art . Consulting the Handbook , the Maitlands travel to an otherworldly waiting room populated by other distressed souls , where they discover that the afterlife is structured according to a complex bureaucracy involving vouchers and caseworkers . The Maitlands ' own caseworker , Juno , informs them that they must remain in the house for 125 years . If they want the Deetzes out of the house , it is up to them to scare them away . Barbara s and Adam s attempts at scaring the family prove ineffective . Although Adam and Barbara remain invisible to Charles and Delia , teenage Lydia can see the ghost couple and befriends them . Against Juno s advice , the Maitlands contact the miscreant Beetlejuice , Juno s former assistant and now freelance bio-exorcist ghost , to scare away the Deetzes . However , Beetlejuice quickly offends the Maitlands with his crude and morbid demeanor ; and they reconsider hiring him , though too late to stop him from wreaking havoc on the Deetzes . The small town s charm and the supernatural events inspire Charles to pitch his boss Maxie Dean on transforming the town into a tourist hot spot , but Maxie wants proof of the ghosts . Using the Handbook for the Recently Deceased , Otho conducts what he thinks is a sĂŠance and summons Adam and Barbara , but they begin to decay and die , as Otho had unwittingly performed an exorcism instead . Horrified , Lydia summons Beetlejuice for help ; but he agrees to help her only on the condition that she marry him , enabling him to freely cause chaos in the mortal world . Beetlejuice saves the Maitlands and disposes of Maxie , his wife , and Otho , then prepares a wedding before a ghastly minister . The Maitlands intervene before the ceremony is completed , with Barbara riding a sandworm through the house to devour Beetlejuice . Finally , the Deetzes and Maitlands agree to live in harmony within the house . Beetlejuice , meanwhile , is stuck in the after-life waiting room ; there he antagonizes a witch doctor , who shrinks his head . Being Beetlejuice , however , he remains upbeat : This could be a good look for me .