Alain van Versch , an unemployed father in his mid 20s known as Ali , arrives in Antibes , southern France , to look for work to support his young son , Sam . Having no money , he crashes with his sister Anna , who already has her own share of problems with money and temporary employment . Ali gets a job as a bouncer in a nightclub but still keeps his passion burning for fighting . On a usual evening in the night club , Ali meets Stéphanie and escorts her safely to her home after she is injured in a brawl at the club . She works at a local marine tourist park where she suffers a tragic accident during a show and wakes up in the hospital to realize that her legs have been amputated . Ali meets a guy at work who informs him about a kick boxing fixture he can make money from . Stéphanie , now in a wheelchair , is terminally depressed and gives Ali a call . Ali visits her and takes her to a beach where they swim . Over a period of time , Ali and Stéphanie spend a lot of time together and Stéphanie starts to feel better about herself in Ali s company . She gets artificial limbs and starts to walk again . Stéphanie accompanies Ali to his mixed martial arts fights and is surprised to learn he has a son . After a frank discussion , Ali offers to have sex with Stéphanie to help her adjust to her new body and their friendship then evolves to include casual sex . Ali , Stéphanie , and some friends visit the same night club where Ali used to work . Ali goes to the dance floor and flirts with a girl as Stéphanie watches curiously . Ali goes away with the girl leaving a dejected Stéphanie with other friends . The next day Stéphanie questions Ali about their relationship status . Their intimacy increases and a symbiosis forms between them , with Stéphanie managing Ali s bets for his fighting . Anna is fired from her job when the managers realize she has been taking home expired food products . Anna blames Ali for this , as Ali was involved in an odd job where he installed spy cameras in work areas at the direction of the management to spy on the activities of their employees . This results in a standoff between Ali and Anna s partner and Ali leaves . Sam stays with Anna while Ali goes to a combat sports training facility near Strasbourg ( as evidenced by earlier references in the film and the fact that Anna s partner drops Sam off on the way to a delivery in Colmar ) , losing touch with Stéphanie . Sam visits Ali at his facility for a day in deep winter and both are shown playing in the snow and on a frozen lake . A weak spot on the frozen lake cracks and Sam falls through the ice , and swiftly loses consciousness , submerged in the icy waters . Ali momentarily distracted by a call of nature , takes a while to realize that Sam has had a dangerous accident . Once he spots the hole in the ice and finds Sam in the frozen lake , Ali releases a desperate volley of punches to break the surface and gets an unconscious Sam out . In the process , Ali fractures his hands . Sam survives and in the hospital Ali breaks down while talking to Stéphanie on the phone and confesses his love for her . As Ali narrates , explaining how broken bones normally heal stronger than before , but not in the hands , in which the pain is sure to return . Ali celebrates a fight victory in Warsaw as Stéphanie watches . Then he takes Sam by the hand and leads him out through the revolving door of a hotel .