In May 1962 , on the Italian ocean liner Antonia Graza , dozens of wealthy passengers are dancing to the song Senza Fine sung by Francesca , an Italian singer . A young girl , Katie Harwood , is sitting alone , until the ship s captain offers to dance with her . Elsewhere , a hand presses a lever that unravels a thin wire cord from a spool . The spool snaps and the wire slices across the dance floor , bisecting the dancers . Forty years later , at a bar , a boat salvage crew : Captain Sean Murphy , Maureen Epps , Greer , Dodge , Munder and Santos celebrate their recent success . Jack Ferriman , a Canadian weather service pilot , approaches them and says he spotted a vessel running adrift in the Bering Sea . Because the ship is in international waters , it can be claimed by whoever brings it to port . The crew sets out on the Arctic Warrior , an ocean salvage tugboat . The ship is the Antonia Graza , which was believed to be lost at sea . When they prepare to tow it , they discover it contains a large quantity of gold . After a series of supernatural events , the group decide to leave with the gold , but an invisible force sabotages the Arctic Warrior . The tugboat explodes as the engine is started , killing Santos . Left with no other option , the group begins repairing the Antonia Graza . Greer encounters Francesca , who seduces him and leads him off a precipice to his death . Captain Murphy , after entering the captain s cabin , finds the ghost of the ship s Captain . The ghost explains that they recovered the gold from a sinking cruiseship , Lorelei , along with a sole survivor . Murphy is shown a picture of the survivor , whom he recognizes . He rushes to tell the others , but begins hallucinating and sees everyone as the burned ghost of Santos . The others think Murphy has gone mad and lock him in the drained fish tank . Epps meets Katie s ghost , who reveals what happened on the Graza . The sole survivor of the Lorelei convinced the Graza s crew to murder the passengers , including Katie , for the gold . After the passengers are dead , one of the ship s officers turned on the rest of the crew and killed them , then Francesca killed him . Another man , the mastermind behind the massacre , then killed Francesca . The man is revealed as Jack Ferriman , who is actually a demonic spirit . Epps deduces that Ferriman lured the salvage team to the Graza to repair it , and decides to sink it to stop him . She sets explosives , but is confronted by Ferriman , who has killed the last of her crew . Ferriman describes himself as a salvager of souls , a job he earned by a lifetime of sin . He plans to use the Antonia Graza as a trap and keep collecting souls . Epps detonates the explosives and sinks the Graza , and Katie helps her escape the sinking ship . She is left in the debris as the souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven . Drifting on the open sea , Epps is found by a cruise ship and returned to land . As she is loaded into an ambulance , she sees the battered crates of gold being loaded onto the cruise ship by Ferriman . Ferriman glares at her and carries on ; she screams as the ambulance doors close .