Jackie Brown is a flight attendant for a small Mexican airline . To make ends meet , she smuggles money from Mexico into the United States for Ordell Robbie , a black-market gun runner living in the Los Angeles metropolitan area under the ATF s close watch , forcing him to use couriers . Ordell learns that another of his couriers , Beaumont Livingston , has been arrested . Assuming that Livingston will become an informant in order to avoid jail time , Ordell arranges for bail with bondsman Max Cherry , then coaxes Livingston into a car trunk and murders him . Acting on information Beaumont had already shared , ATF agent Ray Nicolette and LAPD detective Mark Dargus intercept Jackie as she returns to the United States with Ordell s cash and some cocaine that Brown was unaware was stashed in her bag . Initially refusing to cut a deal , she is sent to jail which alerts Ordell that she might also be a threat to inform . Having received payment from Ordell , Max picks up Jackie from the jail and begins to develop an attraction to her . Ordell arrives at Jackie s house intending to murder her but she surprises him by pulling a gun surreptitiously taken from Max s glove compartment . Jackie negotiates a deal with Ordell to pretend to help the authorities while smuggling in $ 550,000 of Ordell s money , enough to allow him to retire . To carry out this plan , Ordell is counting on Melanie Ralston , an unambitious , stoned surfer girl with whom he lives , and Louis Gara , a friend and former cellmate . Unaware of Jackie and Ordell s plan to smuggle in $ 550,000 , Nicolette and Dargus devise a sting to catch Ordell during a transfer of $ 50,000 . Unbeknownst to all , Jackie plans to double-cross everyone and keep $ 500,000 for herself . She recruits Max to assist with her plan and offers him a cut . In the Del Amo Mall on the day of the transfer , Jackie enters a dressing room to try on a new suit . She has told Ordell that she will swap bags there with Melanie , supposedly passing off the $ 550,000 under the nose of Nicolette , who has been told that the exchange is to take place in the food court . Instead , the bag she gives Melanie contains only $ 50,000 and the rest is left behind in the dressing room for Max to pick up . Jackie then feigns despair as she calls Nicolette and Dargus out from hiding , claiming Melanie took all the money and ran . In the parking lot , Melanie mocks Louis until he loses his temper and shoots her . Louis confesses this to Ordell . Ordell is livid when he discovers that most of the money is gone , and he realizes that Jackie is to blame . When Louis mentions that during the hand-off he saw Max Cherry in the store s dress department and thought nothing of it , Ordell kills him and leaves with the bag . Ordell turns his anger toward Max , who informs him that Jackie is frightened for her life and is waiting in Max s office to hand over the money . A menacing Ordell holds Max at gunpoint as they enter the darkened office . Jackie suddenly yells that Ordell has a gun , and Nicolette jumps from a hiding place and shoots him dead . Having had her charges dropped for cooperating with the ATF , and now in possession of the money as well as Ordell s car , Jackie decides to leave the country and travel to Madrid , Spain . She invites Max to go along with her , but he declines . Jackie shares a meaningful moment with Max , kisses him goodbye , and leaves as Max takes a phone call . Moments later , Max cuts the call short and seems to contemplate his decision to stay behind as Jackie drives away .