Vampire explorers in Iraq uncover an ancient tomb , which they believe belongs to Dracula , the first vampire . To keep Blade from interfering , they frame him for the murder of a human familiar . FBI agents subsequently locate Blade s hideout and kill his mentor and friend , Abraham Whistler . Demoralized , Blade surrenders and is arrested . Posing as federal marshals , the vampires persuade the authorities to turn Blade over to them . He is rescued by private investigator Hannibal King and Abigail Whistler , Abraham s daughter , who invite Blade to join their band of vampire hunters , the Nightstalkers . From them , Blade learns that Danica Talos , an old enemy of King s , has revived Dracula , or Drake , with the goal of using his powers to cure vampires of their weaknesses . As Drake is too powerful to kill via normal means , the Nightstalkers have created an experimental bioweapon known as Daystar , capable of killing vampires at the genetic level . However , they have failed to make it effective . Eager to test Blade , Drake isolates him from the Nightstalkers , as he considers them unworthy of challenging him . He explains that all humans and vampires are inferior in his eyes and that he intends to wipe them from the Earth . Abigail finds evidence of Drake s true plan : a network of farms where humans are drained of their blood for vampire consumption . In an act of euthanasia , Blade deactivates the farm s life support systems . Returning to the Nightstalkers s hideout , they find all of them dead except for King and a young girl named Zoe , who have been taken captive . A recording left by Daystar s creator reveals that Blade s blood is needed to render it effective , but only at the cost of his life . King is tortured by the vampires for information , but refuses to talk , even when they threaten to feed him Zoe s blood . Blade and Abigail arrive and free the captives . Drake easily bests Blade in single combat and prepares to kill him with an arrow filled with Daystar . At the last second , Blade stabs him with it , triggering a chemical reaction that kills Danica and the rest of her followers . As Drake slowly succumbs to his wounds , he praises Blade for fighting honorably , but warns him that he will eventually become a vampire . From here there are several different endings : Theatrical ending : Using the last of his power , Drake disguises himself as Blade . The FBI recover the body and declare Blade legally dead , allowing him to continue his war against vampires . Unrated ending : Blade faints and is captured by the FBI , while Drake s body is not recovered . Seconds before his autopsy , Blade awakes and attacks a nurse . It is not clear whether Blade has become a vampire as Drake predicted , or if he is simply thirsty for blood . This is the ending seen on the director s cut of the film , and commentary on the DVD indicates it was the ending Goyer intended . Werewolf ending : With Daystar having exterminated the vampire race , Blade formally retires from hunting . King and Abigail reestablish the Nightstalkers and turn their attention to a new foe : werewolves . This version of the ending was used in the novelization of the film and is included on the DVD as an extra .