The film depicts the story of Oscar Grant III , a 22-year-old from Hayward , California , and his experiences on the last day of his life , before he was fatally shot by BART Police in the early morning hours of New Year s Day 2009 . The movie begins with the actual footage of Oscar Grant and his friends being detained by the BART Police at the Fruitvale BART station on January 1 , 2009 in Oakland California at 2:15 am before the killing . The film shows scenes of him and his girlfriend Sophina arguing about Grant s recent infidelity . It later shows Grant unsuccessfully attempting to get his job back at the grocery store . He briefly considers selling some marijuana but in the end decides to dump the stash . Grant later attends a birthday party for his mother and tells her afterward that he will take BART to see fireworks and other New Year s festivities in San Francisco . On the return train , Katie , a customer at the grocery store where Grant used to work , recognizes Grant and calls out his name . A former inmate , from when Grant was in prison ( shown in an earlier flashback ) , then recognizes Grant and attempts to assault him , starting a disturbance that leads the BART Police to intervene . Amid the chaos , Grant s girlfriend calls and asks where he is ; he assures her he is fine . In the end , after Grant is restrained on the station platform , a BART Police officer shoots him in the back . Grant is rushed to a hospital but later dies . In the post-credits scene , title cards show that Grant s death sparked a series of protests and riots across the city and that the incident was recorded by several witnesses , either by cell phone or video camera . The BART Police officers who were involved were fired and the one who shot Grant was later tried and found guilty of involuntary manslaughter , claiming he mistook his gun for his Taser , and served an 11-month sentence . There is also footage of a gathering of people celebrating Grant s life on New Year s Day 2013 with the real-life , much older Tatiana ( Grant s daughter ) standing among them .