In early September 1962 in Modesto , California at the tail end of summer vacation , recent high school graduates and longtime friends , Curt Henderson and Steve Bolander , meet John Milner and Terry The Toad Fields at the local Mel s Drive-In parking lot . Despite receiving a $ 2,000 scholarship from the local Moose lodge , Curt is undecided if he wants to leave the next morning with Steve to go to the northeastern United States to begin college . Steve lets Toad borrow his 1958 Chevrolet Impala for the evening and while he s away at college until Christmas . Steve s girlfriend , Laurie , who also is Curt s sister , is unsure of Steve s leaving , to which he suggests—to Laurie s surprise—they see other people while he is away to strengthen their relationship . She is not happy with his proposal . Curt , Steve , and Laurie go to the local back to school sock hop , while Toad and John begin cruising . En route to the dance , at a stoplight , Curt sees a beautiful blonde girl in a white 1956 Ford Thunderbird . She appears to say I love you before disappearing around the corner . After leaving the hop , Curt is desperate to find the mysterious blonde , but is coerced by a group of greasers ( The Pharaohs ) to participate in an initiation rite that involves hooking a chain to a police car and ripping out its back axle . Curt is told rumors that The Blonde is either a trophy wife or prostitute , which he refuses to believe . Following a series of arguments , Steve and Laurie split , and John inadvertently picks up Carol , an annoying teenybopper who seems fond of him . Toad , who is normally socially inept with girls , successfully picks up a flirtatious , and somewhat rebellious , girl named Debbie . Meanwhile , Curt learns that the DJ Wolfman Jack broadcasts from just outside Modesto . Inside the radio station , Curt encounters a bearded man he assumes to be the manager . Curt hands the man a message for The Blonde to call or meet him . As he walks away , Curt hears the voice of The Wolfman , and , having just seen The Wolfman broadcasting , he realizes he had been speaking with The Wolfman himself . The other story lines intertwine until Toad and Steve end up on Paradise Road to watch John race his yellow deuce coupe against the handsome , but arrogant , Bob Falfa . Earlier , Bob had picked up Laurie , who is now sitting shotgun in his black 55 Chevy . Within seconds of the finish , Bob loses control of his car after blowing a front tire , plunges into a ditch and rolls his car . Steve and John run to the wreck , and a dazed Bob and Laurie stagger out of the car before it explodes . Distraught , Laurie grips Steve tightly and tells him not to leave her . He assures her that he has decided not to leave Modesto after all . The next morning Curt is awakened by the sound of a phone ringing in a telephone booth , which turns out to be The Blonde . She tells him she might see him cruising tonight , but Curt replies that is not possible , because he will be leaving . At the airfield he says goodbye to his parents , his sister , and friends . As the plane takes off , Curt , gazing out of the window , sees the white Ford Thunderbird belonging to the mysterious blonde . Prior to the end credits , an on-screen epilogue reveals that John was killed by a drunk driver in December 1964 , Toad was reported missing in action near An Lộc in December 1965 , Steve is an insurance agent in Modesto , California , and Curt is a writer living in Canada ( implying that he may be there as a draft dodger ) .