In Los Angeles , Lt. Parker Barnes and John Donovan are tracking down a serial killer named SID 6.7 at a restaurant in virtual reality . SID ( short for Sadistic , Intelligent , Dangerous - a VR amalgam of the most violent serial killers throughout history ) causes Donovan to go into shock , killing him . The director overseeing the project , before Commissioner Elizabeth Deane and her associate , William Wallace , orders the programmer in charge of creating SID , Dr. Darrel Lindenmeyer , to shut down the project . Barnes is a former police officer imprisoned for killing political terrorist Matthew Grimes , who killed Parker s wife and daughter . Barnes killed Grimes and innocent bystanders . This caused him to become a convicted killer and serve 17 years to life . Barnes meets with criminal psychologist Dr. Madison Carter following a fight that Barnes and another prisoner , Big Red , got into . Meanwhile , Lindenmeyer tells SID that he is about to be shut down because of the fail-safe being tampered with . At SID s suggestion , Lindenmeyer convinces another employee , Clyde Reilly that a virtual reality prostitute , Shelia 3.2 , another project created by Lindenmeyer , can be brought to life . Lindenmeyer replaces the Shelia 3.2 module with the SID 6.7 module . SID 6.7 , now processed into the real world , kills Reilly . Once word of SID being in the real world gets out , Deane and Los Angeles Police Department Chief William Cochran offer Barnes a deal : if he catches SID and brings him back to virtual reality , he will be released . Barnes agrees , and with help from Carter , they discover that Matthew Grimes , the terrorist that killed Barnes s wife and daughter , is a part of SID 6.7 s personality profile . After killing a group of security guards , SID heads over to the Media Zone , a local nightclub , where he takes hostages . Barnes and Carter go to the nightclub to stop him , but SID escapes . The next day , SID begins a killing spree at the Los Angeles Olympic Auditorium . Barnes arrives at the Stadium to capture SID , and finds him on a train , where another hostage is being held by SID . However , Barnes seemingly kills the hostage in front of a bunch of horrified witnesses . Carter having caught up with Barnes after the incident , tries to prove Barnes s innocence , but Barnes is sent back to prison . Barnes is freed from his prisoner transport by SID , who once again escapes . Wallace and Deane are about to have Barnes terminated via a fail-safe transmitter implanted in him but Cochran destroys the transmitter after being told by Carter that Barnes did n't kill the hostage on the train . However , SID kidnaps Carter s daughter Karin and takes over a television studio . Lindenmeyer , having come out of hiding , sees what SID is doing and is impressed , but later held hostage by Carter . Barnes ultimately destroys SID , but is unable to learn where he hid Karin . They place SID back in VR to trick the location out of him . When SID discovers that he is back in virtual reality he goes into a rage . Cochran lets Carter out of VR , but Lindenmeyer kills Cochran before he can release Barnes . Barnes starts to go into the same shock that Donovan suffered , but Carter kills Lindenmeyer , and saves Barnes . Barnes and Carter return to the building that SID took over in the real world , and save Karin from a booby trap set up by SID . After Karin is saved , Barnes destroys the SID 6.7 module .