The beginning of the movie shows icemen harvesting ice . A young boy named Kristoff and his pet reindeer , Sven , is among them ( Frozen Heart ) . Elsa , Princess of Arendelle , possesses cryokinetic powers , with which she is able to produce or manipulate ice , frost and snow at will . One night while playing , she accidentally injures her younger sister , Anna . Their shocked parents , the king and queen , seek help from the troll king , who heals Anna and removes her memories of Elsa s magic . The royal couple isolate the sisters in the castle until Elsa learns to control her magical powers . Afraid of hurting Anna again , and with her ability to control her powers deteriorating , Elsa spends most of her time alone in her room , refusing even to speak to Anna and a rift develops between the sisters as they grow up ; when the girls are teenagers , their parents die at sea during a storm ( Do You Want to Build a Snowman ? ) . When Elsa comes of age , the kingdom prepares for her coronation ( For the First Time in Forever ) . Among the guests is the Duke of Weselton , who seeks to exploit Arendelle for profit . Excited to be allowed out of the castle again , Princess Anna explores the town and meets Prince Hans of the Southern Isles ; the two quickly develop a mutual attraction . Despite Elsa s fears , her coronation takes place without incident . During the reception , Hans proposes to Anna , who hastily accepts ( Love Is An Open Door ) . However , Elsa refuses to grant her blessing and forbids their sudden marriage . The sisters argue , culminating in the exposure of Elsa s abilities in an emotional outburst . Declared a monster by the Duke , a panicking Elsa flees the castle , while inadvertently unleashing an eternal winter on the kingdom . High in the nearby mountains , she abandons her restraint , vowing to never return and building herself a solitary ice palace ( Let It Go ) . Meanwhile , Anna leaves Hans in charge of Arendelle and sets out in search of her sister , determined to return her to Arendelle , end the winter and mend their relationship . While obtaining supplies from Wandering Oaken s Trading Post and Sauna ' , Anna meets Kristoff and Sven ( Reindeers Are Better Than People ) . She convinces Kristoff to guide her up the North Mountain . On their journey , the group encounters Olaf , Anna and Elsa s childhood snowman whom the latter recreated and unknowingly brought to life . Olaf dreams of seeing and experiencing summer for the first time ( In Summer ) . He then leads them to Elsa s hideaway . Anna and Elsa reunite , but Elsa still fears hurting her sister . When Anna insists that Elsa return , she becomes agitated and her powers lash out , accidentally striking Anna in the heart ( For the First Time In Forever ( Reprise ) ) . Horrified , Elsa forces Anna , Kristoff and Olaf to leave by creating a giant snow creature named Marshmallow that chases them away from her palace . As they flee , Kristoff becomes concerned when he sees Anna s hair turning white . He seeks help from the trolls , his adoptive family , who explain that Anna s heart has been frozen by Elsa ( Fixer Upper ) , and that unless it can be thawed by an act of true love , she will become frozen solid forever . Believing that only Hans can save her with a true love s kiss , Kristoff races back with her to Arendelle . Hans , who is himself leading a search for Anna , reaches Elsa s palace . In the ensuing battle against the duke s men , Elsa is knocked unconscious by a falling chandelier and imprisoned in Arendelle . There , Hans pleads with her to undo the winter , but Elsa confesses that she has no idea how . When Anna reunites with Hans and begs him to kiss her to break the curse , Hans refuses and reveals that his true intention in marrying her is to seize control of Arendelle s throne . Leaving Anna to die , he charges Elsa with treason for her younger sister s apparent death . Elsa escapes and heads out into the blizzard on the fjord . Olaf comes across Anna and reveals Kristoff is in love with her ; they then escape onto the fjord to find him . Hans confronts Elsa , telling her Anna is dead because of her . In Elsa s despair , the storm suddenly ceases , giving Kristoff and Anna the chance to locate each other . Nevertheless , Anna , seeing that Hans is about to kill Elsa , throws herself between the two just as she freezes solid , blocking Hans ' attack . As Elsa grieves for her sister , Anna begins to thaw , since her decision to sacrifice herself to save her sister constitutes an act of true love . Realizing love is the key to controlling her powers , Elsa thaws the kingdom and gives Olaf his own personal flurry so he can survive in summer . Hans is deported to the Southern Isles to face punishment for his crimes against the royal family of Arendelle , while Elsa cuts off trade with Weselton . The two sisters reconcile and Elsa promises never to shut the castle gates again .