In 1988 , following a 400 % increase in crime , the United States Government has turned Manhattan into a giant maximum-security prison . A 50-foot ( 15Â m ) containment wall surrounds the island and routes out of Manhattan have been dismantled or mined , while armed helicopters patrol the rivers . In 1997 , while travelling to a peace summit between the United States , China and the Soviet Union , Air Force One is hijacked by a terrorist . The President is given a security bracelet , and has a briefcase ( containing an audiotape describing a powerful new bomb ) handcuffed to his wrist . He makes it to an escape pod , and lands in Manhattan just before Air Force One crashes , killing everyone else aboard . Police officers are dispatched to rescue the President . However , Romero , the right-hand man of the Duke of New York , the top crime boss in the prison , warns them that the Duke has taken the President hostage , and that he will be killed if the police mount any further rescue attempts . Police Commissioner Bob Hauk offers a deal to Snake Plissken , a former Special Forces soldier convicted of attempting to rob the Federal Reserve in Denver , Colorado : if Snake rescues the President and retrieves the cassette tape , Hauk will arrange a presidential pardon . To ensure his compliance , Hauk has him injected with explosives that will rupture Snake s carotid arteries within 22 hours ; if Snake returns with the President and the tape in time , Hauk will neutralize the explosives . Snake is sent into Manhattan in a stealth glider , landing atop the World Trade Center . He tracks the President s life-monitor bracelet to a vaudeville theatre , only to find it on the wrist of an old man . He meets Cabbie , who takes Snake in his armored taxi cab to Harold Brain Hellman , an advisor to the Duke based in the New York Public Library . Brain tells Snake that the Duke plans to unify the gangs in a mass exodus across the heavily-guarded Queensboro Bridge , using the President as a human shield and a map Brain has created to avoid the mines . Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie to lead him to the Duke s compound at Grand Central Station . He finds the President and tries to free him , but is captured by the Duke s men . While Snake is forced to fight to the death with Slag , a prisoner , Brain and Maggie trick Romero into letting them see the President , killing him and fleeing with the President . As Snake kills Slag , the Duke learns of Brain s treachery and rallies his gang to chase them down . Snake , Brain , Maggie , and the President attempt to use Snake s glider to escape from New York . After a group of crazies destroy it , the group returns to the street and encounters Cabbie , who offers to take them across the bridge . When Cabbie reveals that he has the secret tape ( having traded it to Romero earlier for his hat ) , the President demands it , but Snake keeps it . With the Duke chasing in another car , the cab is blown in half by a mine and Cabbie is killed . As they flee on foot , Brain is killed when he steps on another mine . Maggie refuses to leave him , and shoots repeatedly at the Duke ; he runs her over . Snake and the President reach the wall and the guards raise the President on a rope . The Duke kills the guards and attacks Snake , but the President , now armed atop the wall , gleefully shoots the Duke dead . Snake is lifted to safety and the implanted explosives are deactivated with seconds to spare . As the President prepares for a televised speech to the leaders at the summit meeting , he thanks Snake for saving him . Snake asks how he feels about the people who died saving his life , but the President only offers halfhearted regret . Hauk offers Snake a job , but Snake walks away . The President s speech commences , and he offers the contents of the cassette ; to his embarrassment , the tape is Cabbie s cassette of the swing song Bandstand Boogie . As Snake walks away , he tears the magnetic tape out of the real cassette .