In 1936 , archaeologist Indiana Jones braves an ancient booby-trapped temple in Peru and retrieves a golden idol . He is confronted by rival archaeologist RenĂŠ Belloq and the indigenous Hovito people . Surrounded and outnumbered , Indy surrenders the idol to Belloq and escapes aboard a waiting floatplane . Jones returns to his teaching position at Marshall College , where he is interviewed by two Army Intelligence agents . They inform him that the Nazis are searching for his old mentor , Abner Ravenwood , under whom Jones studied at the University of Chicago . The Nazis know that Ravenwood is the leading expert on the ancient city of Tanis in Egypt , and that he possesses the headpiece of the Staff of Ra . Jones deduces that the Nazis are searching for the Ark of the Covenant ; the Nazis believe that if they acquire the Ark their armies will become invincible . The Staff of Ra is the key to finding the Well of Souls , a secret chamber in which the Ark is buried . The agents authorize Jones to recover the Ark to prevent the Nazis from obtaining it . He travels to Nepal and discovers that Abner has died , and the headpiece is in the possession of Ravenwood s daughter Marion . Jones visits Marion at her tavern , where she reveals her bitter feelings toward him from a previous romantic affair . She physically rebuffs his offer to buy the headpiece , and Jones leaves . Shortly after , a group of thugs arrive with their Nazi commander , Arnold Toht . Toht threatens Marion to get the headpiece , but when Jones returns to the bar to fight the Nazis and save Marion , her bar is accidentally set on fire ; during the fight , the headpiece ends up in the fire and Toht severely burns his hand trying to take the hot headpiece , and flees the tavern screaming . Indy and Marion escape with the headpiece , and Marion decides to accompany Indy in his search for the Ark so he can repay his debt to her . The pair travels to Cairo , where they meet up with Indy s friend Sallah , a skilled excavator . Sallah informs them that Belloq and the Nazis are digging for the Well of Souls with a replica of the headpiece ( created from the scar on Toht s hand ) . They quickly realize the Nazi headpiece is incomplete and that the Nazis are digging in the wrong place . The Nazis kidnap Marion and it appears to Jones that she is killed in an exploding truck . After a confrontation with Belloq in a local bar , Indy and Sallah infiltrate the Nazi dig site and use their staff to correctly locate the Ark . Indy discovers Marion is alive , bound and gagged in a tent , but does not release her for fear of blowing his cover . Indy , Sallah , and a small group of diggers unearth the Well of Souls and acquire the Ark . Belloq and Nazi officer Colonel Dietrich arrive , seize the Ark from Jones , throwing Marion into the Well of Souls with him before sealing it back up . Jones and Marion escape to a local airstrip , where Jones has a fistfight with a Nazi mechanic and destroys the flying wing that was to transport the Ark to Berlin . The panicked Nazis remove the Ark in a truck and set off for Cairo , but Jones catches them and retakes it . He makes arrangements to take the Ark to London aboard a tramp steamer . The next day , a Nazi U-boat appears and intercepts the ship . Belloq and Dietrich seize the Ark and Marion but can not locate Jones , who stows away aboard the boat and travels with them to an island in the Aegean Sea . Once there , Belloq plans to test the power of the Ark before presenting it to Hitler . Jones reveals himself and threatens to destroy the Ark with a panzerfaust , but Belloq calls his bluff and Jones surrenders rather than destroy such an important historical artifact . The Nazis take Indy and Marion to an area where the Ark will be opened and tie them to a post to observe . Belloq performs a ceremonial opening of the Ark , which appears to contain nothing but sand , all that remains of the Ten Commandments . Suddenly , angelic ghost-like beings emerge from the Ark . Indy cautions Marion to keep her eyes closed and not to observe what happens next . Belloq and the others look on in astonishment as the apparitions are suddenly revealed to be angels of death . A vortex of flame forms above the Ark and shoots bolts of fiery energy into the gathered Nazi soldiers , killing them all . As Belloq , Toht and Dietrich all scream in terror , the Ark turns its fury on them : Dietrich s head shrivels up , Toht s face is melted off his skull and Belloq s head explodes . Flames then engulf the remains of the doomed assembly , save for Indy and Marion , and the pillar of fire rises into the sky . The Ark s lid is blasted high into the air before dropping back down onto the Ark and sealing it . Jones and Marion find their ropes burned off and embrace . In Washington , D.C. , the Army Intelligence agents inform Jones and Marcus Brody that the Ark is someplace safe and will be studied by top men . The Ark is shown being stored in a giant government warehouse among countless similar crates .