In a prologue , a Jewish man in an unnamed pre-WWII Eastern European shtetl ( possibly in Poland , as suggested by the mention of Lublin and Krak贸w ) tells his wife that he was helped on his way home by Reb Groshkover , whom he has invited in for soup . She says Groshkover is dead and must be a dybbuk . Groshkover ( Fyvush Finkel ) arrives and laughs off the accusation , but she plunges an icepick into his chest . Bleeding , he exits their home into the snowy night . In 1967 , Larry Gopnik ( Michael Stuhlbarg ) is a professor of physics living in St. Louis Park , Minnesota . His wife , Judith ( Sari Lennick ) , tells him that she needs a get ( a Jewish divorce document ) so she can marry widower Sy Ableman ( Fred Melamed ) . Meanwhile , their son Danny ( Aaron Wolff ) owes twenty dollars for marijuana to an intimidating Hebrew school classmate . He has the money , but it is hidden in a transistor radio that was confiscated by his teacher . Daughter Sarah is always washing her hair and going out . Larry s brother , Arthur ( Richard Kind ) , sleeps on the couch and spends his free time filling a notebook with what he calls a probability map of the universe . Larry faces an impending vote on his application for tenure , and his department head ( Ari Hoptman ) lets slip that anonymous letters have urged the committee to deny him . Clive Park , a student worried about losing his scholarship , meets with Larry in his office to argue he should not fail the class . After he leaves , Larry finds an envelope stuffed with cash . When Larry attempts to return it , Clive s father threatens to sue Larry either for defamation if Larry accuses Clive of bribery , or for keeping the money if he does not give him a passing grade . At the insistence of Judith and Sy , Larry and Arthur move into a nearby motel . Judith empties the couple s bank accounts , leaving Larry penniless , so he enlists the services of a divorce attorney ( Adam Arkin ) . Larry learns Arthur faces charges of solicitation and sodomy . Larry turns to his Jewish faith for consolation . He consults two rabbis ( Simon Helberg and George Wyner ) but his synagogue s senior rabbi , Marshak , is never available . Larry and Sy are involved in separate , simultaneous car crashes . Larry is unharmed , but Sy dies . At Judith s insistence , Larry pays for Sy s funeral . At the funeral , Sy is eulogized as a serious man . Larry is proud and moved by Danny s bar mitzvah , unaware that his son is under the influence of marijuana . During the service , Judith apologizes to Larry for all the recent trouble and informs him that Sy liked him so much that he even wrote letters to the tenure committee . Danny finally meets with Marshak , in a brief encounter in which Marshak only quotes Jefferson Airplane s Somebody To Love , names the members of the band and returns the radio while counseling Danny to be a good boy . Larry s department head compliments him on Danny s bar mitzvah and hints that he will receive tenure . The mail brings a large bill from Arthur s lawyer . Larry decides to pass Clive , whereupon Larry s doctor calls , asking to see him immediately about the results of a chest X-ray . At the same moment , Danny s teacher struggles to open the emergency shelter as a massive tornado closes in on the school .