In Edwardian London , 1910 , Cockney one-man band Bert is entertaining a crowd when he senses a change in the wind . Afterwards , he directly addresses the audience and gives them a tour of Cherry Tree Lane , stopping outside the home of the Banks family . George Banks returns home from his job at the bank to learn from his wife Winifred that their hired nanny , Katie Nanna , has left their service after his children , Jane and Michael , ran away again . They are returned shortly after by the local constable , who reveals that the children were chasing a lost kite . The children ask their father to help build a better kite , but he dismisses them . Taking it upon himself to hire a nanny , George advertises for a stern , no-nonsense nanny . Instead , Jane and Michael present their own advertisement for a kinder , sweeter nanny , but when George rips up the letter and throws the scraps in the fireplace , the remains of the advertisement magically float up and out into the air . The next day , a queue of elderly , sour-faced nannies appear outside . However , a strong gust of wind blows the nannies away , and Jane and Michael witness a young nanny descend from the sky using her umbrella . Presenting herself to George , Mary Poppins calmly produces the children’s now restored advertisement and agrees with its requests , but promises the astonished banker she will be firm with his children . As George puzzles over the return of the advertisement , Mary is forced to hire herself and meets the children , baffling them with her behavior and bottomless carpet bag . She helps the children to tidy their nursery through song , before heading out for a walk in the park . Outside , they meet Bert who now works as a screever , drawing chalk sketches on the pavement . Mary uses her magic to transport the group into one of the drawings , which becomes an animated countryside setting . While the children ride on a nearby carousel , Mary Poppins and Bert go on a leisurely stroll and are served tea by a quartet of penguin waiters . Mary enchants the carousel horses and participate in a horse race which she wins . While being asked to describe her victory , Mary announces the nonsense word Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious . However , the outing is ruined when a thunderstorm demolishes Bert s drawings , returning the group back to London . On another outing , the four meet Mary s jovial Uncle Albert who has floated up in the air due to his uncontrollable laughter . They join him for a tea party on the ceiling , telling jokes . George becomes increasingly annoyed by the cheery atmosphere of his family and threatens to fire Mary Poppins . Instead , Mary inverts his attempt by convincing him to take the children to the bank for a day . George takes Jane and Michael to the bank , where they meet his employers , Mr. Dawes Sr. and his son . Dawes aggressively attempts to have Michael invest his tuppence in the bank , snatching the money from him . Michael demands it back , causing other customers to misinterpret and all demand their money back , causing a bank run . Jane and Michael flee the bank , getting lost in the East End until they run into Bert , who is now a chimney sweep . He escorts them home , suggesting their father does not hate them but has his own troubles to deal with . The three and Mary venture onto the rooftops where they have a song-and-dance number with other chimney sweeps until George returns home . George receives a phone call from his employers , telling him to meet them later for disciplinary action . George speaks with Bert who tells him that while he needs to work , he should spend more time with his children before they grow up . Jane and Michael give their father Michael’s tuppence in the hope to make amends . George walks through London to the bank , where he is given a humiliating cashiering and is dismissed . Looking to the tuppence for words , he raucously blurts out , Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ! , tells one of Uncle Albert s jokes the children originally told him , and happily heads home . Dawes mulls over the joke , but finally gets it , and floats up into the air , laughing . The next day , the wind changes , which means that Mary must leave . A happier George is found at home , having fixed his children’s kite , and takes the family out to fly it . In the park , the Banks meet Mr. Dawes Jr , who reveals that his father died happily laughing from the joke and re-employs George as a junior partner . With her work done , Mary flies away with Bert bidding her farewell , telling her not to stay away too long .