A group of college friends consisted of Harvey , Nikki , Rob , Skip , Nan , Chaz , Kit , and Arch–gather , celebrate spring break by spending the weekend at the island mansion of their friend and Skip s sister Muffy St. John , on the weekend leading up to April Fools ' Day . The tone is set almost immediately with Muffy preparing details around the house , and finds an old jack-in-the-box she remembers in a flashback sequence . Meanwhile , her friends are joking around on the pier , then on the ferry to the island . When en route to the island , local deckhand buck Buck is seriously injured in a gruesome accident . Once on the island and in the mansion , it turns out Muffy has set up a variety of little jokes from the simple such as whoopie cuchions and dribble glasses , to the more complex and disturbing such as an audiotape of a baby crying in someone s room and heroin paraphernalia in a guest s wardrobe . Through it all , despite the friends in general try to relax , Skip goes missing . Kit catches a glimpse of what looks like his dead body . Soon , Arch and Nan also go missing next . During a search , Nikki falls into the island s well and finds the severed heads of Skip and Arch and the dead body of Nan . Afterward , the remaining group discover that the phones are dead and there is no way to get off the island until Monday . One after another , the group either vanishes or being killed and their bodies being found . Kit and Rob put together some clues and realizing that everyone s earlier assumption is wrong ; the kinsman of the deckhand injured when they arrived is a red herring . It also turns out that Muffy has a violently insane twin sister named Buffy , who has escaped . In fact , the Muffy they have been around since the first night was Buffy , pretending to be Muffy . They discover Muffy s severed head in the basement . Buffy chases them with a curved butcher s knife , and the couple are separated . Kit flees from Buffy into the living room where she finds everyone else there , alive and calmly waiting for her . It was all a joke , or more accurately , a dress rehearsal . It is revealed to the audience that the whole film was never a slasher film from the start , but rather pretending to be one . Muffy hopes to turn the mansion into a resort offering a weekend of staged horror . She even had a friend who does special effects and make-up for Hollywood help . Each victim agreed to take part as things were explained to them . Everyone has a huge laugh and break out lots of bottles of champagne . Later that night , a half-drunk Muffy goes to her room and finds a wrapped present on her bed . She unwraps it , and the present is the Jack-in-the-Box . Savoring the surprise , she turns the handle slowly and when Jack finally pops out , Nan , who knew Muffy from acting class , emerges from behind her and slits her throat with a razor . Muffy screams , but then realizes she is not really bleeding and that she used a trick razor and stage blood . The film ends with the Jack-in-the-box winking at the audience .