In 1916 , Tsar Nicholas II hosts a ball at the Catherine Palace to celebrate the Romanov tricentennial . His mother , the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna , is visiting from Paris and gives a music box and a necklace inscribed with the words “Together in Paris” as parting gifts to her youngest granddaughter , eight-year-old Grand Duchess Anastasia . The ball is suddenly interrupted by the sorcerer Grigori Rasputin , the former royal advisor of the Romanovs until he was banished by Nicholas II for treason . Feeling betrayed and seeking revenge , Rasputin sold his soul in exchange for an unholy reliquary , which he uses to place a curse on the Romanov family , sparking the Russian Revolution . Only Marie and Anastasia are able to escape the ensuing siege of the palace , thanks to a young servant boy named Dimitri who shows them a secret passageway in Anastasia s room . Rasputin confronts the two royals outside on a frozen river , only to fall through the ice and freeze to death . The pair manage to reach a moving train , but only Marie climbs aboard while Anastasia falls , hitting her head on the platform and giving her amnesia . Ten years later in 1926 , Russia is under communist rule and Marie has publicly offered 10 million rubles for the safe return of her granddaughter . Dimitri and his friend/partner-in-crime Vladimir search for a look-alike to bring to Paris and pass off as Anastasia so as to collect the reward from Marie . Elsewhere , Anastasia , now using the name Anya , leaves the rural orphanage where she grew up , having lost her memory prior to arriving there . Accompanied by a stray puppy she names Pooka , she decides to head to Saint Petersburg , inspired by the passage on the necklace she still has . She is unable to leave Russia due to not having an exit visa , but a strange woman advises her to see Dimitri at the abandoned palace where he has made residence there . In the deserted palace she encounters Dimitri and Vladimir , who are impressed by her resemblance to the real Anastasia and decide to take her with them to Paris . Bartok , Rasputin s albino bat minion , is nearby and notices his master s dormant reliquary suddenly revived by Anastasia s presence ; it drags him to limbo , where the soul of Rasputin survives . Enraged to hear that Anastasia escaped the curse , Rasputin sends his demonic minions from the reliquary to kill her ; despite two assassination attempts , the trio manage to ( unwittingly ) foil him , forcing Rasputin and Bartok to travel back to the surface . Anastasia , Dimitri and Vladimir eventually reach Paris and go to meet Marie , who refuses to see her , having been nearly fooled numerous times before by impostors . Despite this , Sophie ( Marie s cousin ) quizzes Anastasia to confirm her identity . Though Anastasia offers the expected answers as taught to her by Dimitri , he realizes she is indeed the real Anastasia when she vaguely recollects how a boy had saved her ten years prior . Sophie , also convinced of Anastasia s identity , arranges a meeting with Marie at the Palais Garnier Opera house , but Marie initially refuses , having heard of Dimitri s scheme to present a stand-in in order to collect the reward money . Anastasia overhears the argument and angrily leaves . Dimitri kidnaps Marie and takes her to see Anastasia . When she refuses , Dimitri shows her the music box that he had found at the palace , and when its music plays , Anastasia is awash with her memories , convincing Marie of her identity . The two are joyfully reunited . Marie offers Dimitri the reward money , but to her surprise , he refuses it and leaves for Russia , thanking Anastasia for her return to her grandmother . That night at Anastasia s return celebration , Marie informs her of Dimitri s gesture . Anastasia , deep in thought about Dimitri , wanders onto the Pont Alexandre III where she is trapped and attacked by Rasputin . Dimitri returns to save her , but is injured and knocked unconscious while Bartok abandons Rasputin . In the struggle , Anastasia manages to get hold of Rasputin s reliquary and crushes it under her foot , destroying it . With Rasputin s soul having been tied to the reliquary , he promptly dies and disintegrates . Afterwards , Dimitri and Anastasia reconcile after Anastasia finally discovers the truth about herself ; they elope and Anastasia sends a farewell letter to Marie and Sophie , promising to return one day . The couple kisses on a riverboat and Bartok shares a kiss with a female bat before bidding the audience farewell .