Two American college students , David Kessler and Jack Goodman , backpack across the North York Moors . As darkness falls , they stop for the night at a pub called The Slaughtered Lamb . Jack notices a five-pointed star on the wall . When Goodman asks about it , the pubgoers stop talking and become hostile . The pair decides to leave , although the pub landlady insists they ca n't let them go . Instead of changing their minds , the local clients only warn them to keep to the road , stay clear of the moors and beware of the full moon . While talking , David and Jack end up wandering off the road onto the moors . Jack and David hear sinister howls , which seem to be getting closer . They start back to the Slaughtered Lamb but realize that they are now lost . The boys are attacked by a supernaturally large wolf-like animal and Jack is killed . The attacker is shot by some of the pubgoers but instead of a dead animal , David sees the corpse of a naked man lying next to him . David survives the mauling and is taken to a hospital in London . When David wakes up three weeks later , he does not remember what happened . He is interviewed by police Inspector Villiers who tells him that he and Jack were attacked by an escaped lunatic . David insists that they were actually attacked by a large dog or wolf . Jack appears to David as a reanimated corpse to explain that they were attacked by a werewolf , and that David is now a werewolf . Jack urges David to kill himself before the next full moon , not only because Jack is cursed to exist in a state of living death for as long as the bloodline of the werewolf that attacked them survives , but also to prevent David from inflicting the same fate on anyone else . Meanwhile , Dr. Hirsch takes a trip to the Slaughtered Lamb to see if what David has told him is true . When asked about the incident , the pubgoers deny any knowledge of David , Jack , or their attacker . But one distraught pubgoer speaks to Dr. Hirsch outside the pub and says that David should not have been taken away , and that he and everyone else will be in danger when he changes , only to be quickly silenced by a fellow pubgoer . Upon his release from the hospital , David moves in with Alex Price , a pretty young nurse who grew infatuated with him in the hospital . He stays in Alex s London apartment , where they later make love for the first time . Jack , in an advanced stage of decay , appears to David to warn him that he will turn into a werewolf the next day . Jack again advises David to take his own life to avoid killing innocent people . When the full moon rises , David painfully transforms into a werewolf and starts to prowl the streets and the London Underground , slaughtering six Londoners in the process . When he wakes in the morning , he is naked on the floor of the wolf cage at London Zoo , has no memory of his activities , and is unharmed by the resident wolves . David realizes that Jack was right about everything and that he is responsible for the murders of the night before . After failing to get himself arrested , David tries to slit his wrists with a pocket knife . David sees Jack , in a yet more advanced stage of decay , outside an adult cinema in Piccadilly Circus . Inside , Jack is accompanied by David s victims from the previous night , all of whom are furious at David for killing them . They all then insist that he must commit suicide before turning into a werewolf again . While talking with them as they try to offer him the least painful way to kill himself , David transforms and goes on another killing spree . After bursting out of the cinema , biting off Inspector Villiers ' head in the process , David wreaks havoc in the streets and is ultimately cornered in an alley by police . Alex tries to calm him down by telling him that she loves him . Though he is apparently placated for a moment , he is shot and killed when he lunges forward , returning to human form in front of a grieving Alex as he dies .