In 1985 , John Bennett is a lonely child living in Norwood , MA , a suburb of Boston , who wished for his new Christmas gift—a large teddy bear named Ted—to come to life and become his friend . The wish coincides with a shooting star and comes true ; word spread and Ted was briefly a celebrity . In 2012 , John and Ted are still living in Boston , aged 35 and 27 respectively , and are still staunch companions enjoying a hedonistic life . John is dating 28-year-old , Lori Collins , who is from Pennsylvania . As their anniversary approaches , Lori hopes to marry John but feels he could not move forward with Ted around . John is hesitant against making Ted leave , but he is persuaded to act when they find Ted at home with four prostitutes . John finds Ted his own apartment and a job at a grocery store , where Ted begins dating his coworker Tami-Lynn . Lori learns that John has been skipping work—using her as an excuse—to continue to spend most of his time with Ted . Things start to come to a head when John and Lori are invited to a party put on by Lori s womanizing manager Rex , and Ted lures John away to a party at his apartment with the offer to meet Sam J. Jones , the star of their favorite film , Flash Gordon . Although John intends to stay only a few minutes , he gets caught up in the occasion . Lori finds John there and breaks up with him . John blames Ted for ruining his life and tells him to stay away . John and Ted confront each other about their ruined friendship and manage to reconcile after a violent brawl in John s hotel room . To repair John s relationship with Lori , Ted arranges with an old lover , singer Norah Jones , to help by having John express his love for Lori with a song during her concert , in which he does an off-key rendition of Rita Coolidge s Octopussy theme song , All Time High . Although John s performance proves to get him angrily and severely booed off the stage , Lori is touched by the attempt and returns to her apartment after being angered by Rex s sneering of him . Ted comes clean to Lori about his role in John s relapse and offers to leave them alone forever if she can talk to him . Lori is persuaded , but moments after she leaves , Ted is kidnapped by Donny , an obsessive stalker who idolized Ted as a child . Donny plans to make Ted the toy of his brutish son Robert . Ted distracts Robert and reaches a phone to contact John , but he is immediately recaptured . Realizing Ted is in danger , John and Lori locate Donny s residence and track him to rescue Ted . The chase leads to Fenway Park , where John punches Robert , but during the chase , Ted is damaged and falls onto the field ripped entirely in half . A police car arrives , forcing Donny to flee . As John and Lori gather Ted s stuffing , Ted relays his wish that John be happy with Lori , as the magic that gives him life fades away . Unable to accept Ted s death , a distraught John and Lori attempt to repair Ted , which proves useless . That night , Lori feels guilty about the incident , and makes a wish on a shooting star . The next morning , John hangs his head while looking over Ted s dead body . Fortunately , Ted is magically restored and after he tricks John into thinking he is physically/mentally challenged , he and Lori fully reconcile with Ted , who encourages them to resume their relationship . With that resolution , John and Lori are married ( with Sam Jones as the presiding minister ) , and Ted comfortably accepts having a life of his own as he and Tami-Lynn continued their torrid love affair . One afternoon , Ted was caught behind the deli counter eating potato salad off of Tami-Lynn s bare bottom . He was instantly promoted to store manager . Sam Jones attempts to restart his career and moves into a studio apartment with Brandon Routh . Rex gives up his pursuit of Lori , goes into a deep depression , and dies of Lou Gehrig s disease . Donny gets arrested by the Boston Police Department for kidnapping a plush toy , but the charges are dropped because they sound ridiculous . Robert hires a personal trainer , loses a significant amount of weight , and goes on to become Taylor Lautner .