In 1952 , Ed Wood is struggling to join the film industry . Upon hearing of an announcement in Variety magazine that producer George Weiss is trying to purchase Christine Jorgensen s life story , Ed wants to meet Weiss . Weiss explains that Variety s announcement was a news leak , and it is impossible to purchase Jorgensen s rights . The producer decides to fictionalize the film , titled I Changed My Sex ! . Ed tries to convince Weiss that he is perfect to direct the film because he is a transvestite , but is unsuccessful since Weiss wants a director with experience . Ed meets his longtime idol Bela Lugosi and the two become friends . Wood persuades Weiss to let him direct the film by convincing him that having a star in the film would sell tickets , and they could sign Bela for a low price . Ed and Weiss argue over the film s title and subject matter : Weiss has the poster printed , which Ed changes to Glen or Glenda and writes the film about a transvestite rather than a sex change . Weiss allows Ed to shoot whatever he wants as long as the film meets the required length . Ed takes to film production with an unusual approach ; shooting only one take per scene , giving actors very little direction and using stock footage to fill in gaps . The movie is released to critical and commercial failure . Because of this , Ed is unsuccessful in getting a job at Screen Classics , but Ed s girlfriend , Dolores Fuller , tells him that he should try financing his next film independently . Ed is unsuccessful in finding money for Bride of the Atom , but is introduced to the psychic The Amazing Criswell who gives him advice on how to sell himself better . Ed meets Loretta King , who he thinks has enough money to fund Bride of the Atom and ends up casting her as the lead instead of Dolores as planned . Filming begins , but is halted when it is revealed that Loretta is actually poor , and Ed has no money to continue production . Ed convinces meat packing industry tycoon Don McCoy to take over funding the film , who agrees as long as the film stars his son Tony as the leading man and the film ends with an explosion . The filming finishes with the title being changed to Bride of the Monster , but Dolores breaks up with Ed after the wrap party because of his circle of friends , his work , and transvestism . Bela attempts to conduct a double suicide with Ed after the government cuts off his unemployment , but is talked out of it . Bela checks himself into rehab , and Ed meets Kathy O'Hara , who is visiting her father there . Ed takes her on a date and reveals to her his transvestism , which she accepts . Ed shoots a film with Bela outside his home . When Ed and company attend the premiere for Bride of the Monster , an angry mob chases them out of the theater . Bela passes away , leaving Ed without a star . Ed convinces a church leader named Reynolds that funding Ed s script for Grave Robbers from Outer Space would result in a box office success , and generate enough money for Reynolds ' dream project . Dr. Tom Mason , Kathy s chiropractor , is chosen to be Bela s stand-in for resembling Lugosi . Ed and the Baptists have conflicts over the title and content of the script which they want to have changed to Plan 9 from Outer Space , along with Ed s B movie directing style , his casting decisions and his transvestism . Ed leaves the set to go to the nearest bar , where he encounters his idol , Orson Welles . Filming for Plan 9 finishes with Ed taking action against his producers . Plan 9 is premiered and Ed and Kathy go to Las Vegas to get married .