The film features a narrative set in an alternative reality in which there is no such thing as lying and everything said is the absolute truth . In this world people make blunt , often unintentionally offensive statements . Physicians are brutally honest with patients . They show no warmth and offer no hope . Not being able to lie has resulted in an absence of religion in this alternative reality . Because there is no fiction , the movie industry is limited to dry , lecture-style historical readings and product advertisements are bluntly truthful . Mark Bellison ( Ricky Gervais ) is an average Joe lecture-film writer who is assigned to write about the 14th century , a very boring era . One night he goes out on a date with the beautiful , kind-hearted and wealthy Anna McDoogles ( Jennifer Garner ) . She tells Mark she is not attracted to him , because of his looks and failing financial situation , but is going out with him to satisfy her extremely prejudiced mother and as a favour to Mark s best friend Greg Kleinschmidt ( Louis C.K. ) . The next day Mark is fired from his job because of the lack of interest in his films , and his landlord threatens to evict him for not paying his rent . Depressed , he goes to the bank to close his account . The teller informs him that the computers are down , and asks him how much money he has in his account . Mark is about to tell her when a strange reaction occurs in his brain , as he remembers how much money his landlord said he owed ( $ 800 ) . He has an epiphany that enables him to tell the world s first lie , to the effect that he has $ 800 in his account . The computer comes back online and shows his balance is $ 300 . The teller gives him the full $ 800 noting that the computer has made a mistake . Mark then lies in a variety of other circumstances , including , preventing a police officer ( Edward Norton ) from arresting his friend Greg for drunk driving , getting money from a casino , and stopping his neighbour Frank Fawcett ( Jonah Hill ) from committing suicide . He realises that lying can be used for better purposes than just for personal gain by doing this . He then writes a screenplay about the world being invaded by aliens in the 14th century , in which it is claimed that the memories of all humans were erased . He becomes wealthy from the success of the film which he names The Black Plague . Mark convinces Anna to go out with him again , hoping she will see past his looks now that he is financially secure . On their date Anna congratulates Mark for his success and admits that he would be a good husband and father . She is still not attracted to him , saying that , if they ever have children , Mark would contribute half of the heredity to their children , resulting in fat kids with snub noses . Mark then gets a call that his mother has had a heart attack and rushes to the hospital . There , the doctor ( Jason Bateman ) tells him that his mother is going to die . She is scared of death , believing that it will bring an eternity of nothingness . Mark , through tears , tells her that death instead brings a joyful afterlife , introducing the concept of a Heaven to her , and she dies happy while the doctors and nurses appear astonished by what he has said . Mark soon receives worldwide attention for his supposed new information about death . Under pressure from Anna , he tells them , through ten rules , that he talks to a Man In The Sky who controls everything and promises great rewards in the good place after you die , as long as you do no more than three bad things . Some time later Anna and Mark are together in a park and Anna asks him , if they marry , would his now being rich and famous make their children more physically attractive . Mark wants to lie but does not because of his strong feelings for Anna . Meanwhile , Mark s enemy Brad Kessler ( Rob Lowe ) pursues Anna romantically , motivated by Mark s success . However , Brad s arrogant , spiteful manner makes Anna uncomfortable , though she continues dating him ; they become engaged . Anna invites Mark to the wedding . Mark tries to discourage her from marrying Brad , but fails . Anna goes to the park she first went to with Mark and sees a slightly overweight child with an ice cream being bullied by thinner children . She shouts at them and they run away . She approaches the boy and wipes away his tears while asking his name . He replies Short Fat Brian ' to which she tells him : You are so much more than just that . ' Before the wedding Mark s friend Greg shows up and tries to convince him that he has not missed his chance with Anna . Mark reluctantly attends Anna and Brad s wedding , where he objects to the marriage , but the officiant informs him that only the Man in the Sky can stop the wedding . Brad and Anna both ask Mark to ask the Man in the Sky what Anna should do but Mark refuses to say anything and leaves , wanting Anna to choose for herself . Anna walks out and Mark confesses his ability to lie and tells her that the Man In The Sky was made up . Anna struggles to comprehend the concept and asks why he did not lie to convince her to marry him ; Mark states that it would n't count . Anna confesses that she loves him . Some time later , the now-pregnant Anna and Mark are shown happily married with a son , who appears ( by his actions ) to have inherited his father s ability to lie .