In the not-too-distant future , eugenics is common . A genetic registry database uses biometrics to classify those so created as valids while those conceived by traditional means and more susceptible to genetic disorders are known as in-valids . Genetic discrimination is illegal , but in practice genotype profiling is used to identify valids to qualify for professional employment while in-valids are relegated to menial jobs . Vincent Freeman is conceived without the aid of genetic selection ; his genetics indicate a high probability of several disorders and an estimated life span of 30.2 years . His parents , regretting their decision , use genetic selection to give birth to their next child , Anton . Growing up , the two brothers often play a game of chicken by swimming out to sea with the first one returning to shore considered the loser ; Vincent always loses . Vincent dreams of a career in space travel but is reminded of his genetic inferiority . One day Vincent challenges Anton to a game of chicken and bests him before Anton starts to drown . Vincent saves Anton and then leaves home . Vincent works as an in-valid , cleaning office spaces including that of Gattaca Aerospace Corporation , a space-flight conglomerate . He gets a chance to pose as a valid by using hair , skin , blood and urine samples from a donor , Jerome Eugene Morrow , who is a former swimming star paralyzed due to a car accident . With Jerome s genetic makeup , Vincent gains employment at Gattaca , and is assigned to be navigator for an upcoming trip to Saturn s moon Titan . To keep his identity hidden , Vincent must meticulously groom and scrub down daily to remove his own genetic material , and pass daily DNA scanning and urine tests using Jerome s samples . Gattaca becomes embroiled in controversy when one of its administrators is murdered a week before the flight . The police find a fallen eyelash of Vincent s at the scene . An investigation is launched to find the murderer , Vincent being the top suspect . Through this , Vincent becomes close to a co-worker , Irene Cassini , and falls in love with her . Though a valid , Irene has a higher risk of heart failure that will prevent her from joining any deep space Gattaca mission . Vincent also learns that Jerome s paralysis is by his own hand ; after coming in second place in a swim meet , Jerome threw himself in front of a car . Jerome maintains that he was designed to be the best , yet was n't , and that is the source of his suffering . Vincent repeatedly evades scrutiny from the investigation , and it is revealed that Gattaca s mission director was the killer , as the administrator was threatening to cancel the mission . Vincent learns the identity of the detective who closed the case , his brother Anton , who has become aware of Vincent s presence . The brothers meet , and Anton warns Vincent that what he is doing is illegal , but Vincent asserts that he has gotten to this position on his own merits . Anton challenges Vincent to one more game of chicken . As the two swim out in the dead of night , Anton is surprised at Vincent s stamina , and Vincent reveals that his trick to winning was not saving energy for the swim back . Anton turns back and begins to drown , but Vincent rescues him and swims them both back to shore using celestial navigation . On the day of the launch , Jerome reveals that he has stored enough DNA samples for Vincent to last two lifetimes upon his return , and gives him an envelope to open once in flight . After saying goodbye to Irene , Vincent prepares to board but discovers there is a final genetic test , and he currently lacks any of Jerome s samples . He is surprised when Dr. Lamar , the person in charge of background checks , reveals that he knows Vincent has been posing as a valid . Lamar admits that his son looks up to Vincent and wonders whether his son , genetically selected but not all that they promised , could break the limits just as Vincent has . He passes Vincent as a valid . As the rocket launches , Jerome dons his swimming medal and immolates himself in his home s incinerator ; Vincent opens the note from Jerome to find only a lock of Jerome s hair attached to it . Vincent muses on this , stating For someone who was never meant for this world , I must confess , I’m suddenly having a hard time leaving it . Of course , they say every atom in our bodies was once a part of a star . Maybe I m not leaving ; maybe I m going home .