Sam Wheat ( Patrick Swayze ) , a banker , and Molly Jensen ( Demi Moore ) , a potter , are a couple who renovate and move into an apartment in New York City with the help of Sam s friend and co-worker Carl Bruner ( Tony Goldwyn ) . One afternoon , Sam discovers unusually high balances in obscure bank accounts , but despite Carl s offer to help investigate , Sam decides to investigate on his own . That night while walking home together Sam and Molly are mugged by a street thug who pulls a gun and demand s Sam s wallet . Sam struggles with the attacker and is shot . After pursuing the street thug , Sam runs back to Molly and—seeing her crying over his dead body—discovers that he has died from the gunshot and has become a ghost . Sam stays by the distraught Molly , trying to come to grips with his new condition , when Carl comes over and suggests Molly take a walk with him . Sam can not bring himself to follow . Moments later , the mugger enters the empty apartment and commences searching for something . When Molly returns , Sam scares their cat into attacking the thug , who flees . Sam follows the mugger to his apartment in Brooklyn and learns that the man s name is Willie Lopez and that Willie intends to return later to continue the search . While walking back to the apartment , Sam happens upon the parlor of Oda Mae Brown ( Whoopi Goldberg ) , a con artist posing as a medium . But when she can hear Sam , she realizes she has an actual gift . He convinces her of the danger that Molly is in and that Oda must warn her . Molly is skeptical about Oda until Oda relays information that only Sam could know . After Molly tells Carl about Oda Mae , Carl—unaware that Sam is following—then goes to Willie s apartment . There , to Sam s surprise , he finds that Carl and Willie are working together , that Carl had a hand in Sam s death , and that he had needed to obtain Sam s book of passwords in order to access and launder the excess money from the bank accounts . Under instructions relayed from Sam to Oda Mae , Molly goes to the police with Willie s name and address , but they find no criminal record of him—instead they show her Oda Mae s record and convince her that she s a con artist . Meeting a violent poltergeist in their ghostly realm , Sam learns from him how to manipulate physical objects from within the spirit realm . Sam then approaches Oda Mae and asks her not only to withdraw the money in the fake name that Carl had set up but then to give that $ 4 million to charity . Sam tries to scare Carl away from Molly but she reveals to Carl that Oda Mae was at the bank withdrawing the money . Sam then prevents Oda Mae from being attacked by Willie , terrorizing the thug and then sending him into oncoming traffic where Willie is hit by a car and killed . As Willie s ghost is grabbed by creatures from the shadows that drag him to Hell , Sam and Oda Mae return to the apartment where—by levitating a penny into Molly s hand—he convinces Molly that Oda Mae is telling the truth about him . Oda Mae allows Sam to possess her body so he and Molly can share a slow dance , but Carl interrupts them and Molly and Oda Mae flee onto the fire escape . Carl chases the women to a loft under construction and catches Oda Mae . When Molly comes to save her , she is grabbed and held hostage . Sam disarms Carl and chases him toward a window . He throws a suspended hook at Sam ; it misses , swings back , and shatters the glass . As Carl tries to climb through the window , a sharp shard of broken glass falls , impaling him in the stomach . Carl s ghost rises from his body and , as Willie had been , he is grabbed by the creatures from the shadows and is carried to Hell . Sam asks if the women are all right . Miraculously , Molly can now hear him . A heavenly light shines in the room , illuminating Sam in sight of both of them . Realizing that it is his time to go , he and Molly share tearful goodbyes . Oda Mae tells him that he is being called home , and he thanks her for her help . Sam then walks into the light and onward to Heaven .