Graeme Willy ( Simon Pegg ) and Clive Gollings ( Nick Frost ) are British comic book enthusiasts and best friends who travel to the United States to attend the annual San Diego Comic-Con International , and to take a road trip through the American Southwest to visit sites significant to UFO lore . While driving on a remote desert highway at night , after a tense situation with some rednecks in a diner , Graeme and Clive observe a car driving erratically and then crash . They stop to investigate and offer assistance to the driver , who turns out to be an alien named Paul ( voiced by Seth Rogen ) . Clive faints , but Graeme agrees to assist Paul and gives him a ride . Later , United States Secret Service Agent Zoil ( Jason Bateman ) arrives at the car crash site and informs his unseen female superior , the Big Guy ( Sigourney Weaver ) , that he is closing in on Paul . She sends two inept rookies , Haggard ( Bill Hader ) and O'Reilly ( Joe Lo Truglio ) , to assist Zoil . Graeme , Clive and Paul camp at an RV park run by two Christian fundamentalists ; one-eyed Ruth Buggs ( Kristen Wiig ) and her father , Moses . Upon Ruth discovering Paul the next day , the three are forced to take her with them . During an argument about her religion , Paul puts his hand on her forehead and shows her his collective knowledge , after which Ruth realizes that everything she was raised to believe is questionable . Paul later uses his healing powers to cure Ruth s blinded eye and convinces her to moderate her fundamentalist beliefs . The fugitives stop at a bar and Ruth tries to call Moses , but Zoil intercepts the call and she is accosted by the rednecks from the start of their journey , starting a bar fight in the process . Later , at another RV park , Ruth is questioned by Agent Zoil , but claims to know nothing about a one-eyed girl or two British nerds . Released , she and Graeme retrieve Clive and Paul , who narrowly escape O'Reilly . Frustrated , Zoil orders Haggard and O'Reilly to return to base , but they insist on catching the alien on their own . The group soon arrive at a house owned by Tara ( Blythe Danner ) , who rescued Paul when he first crashed on Earth . As she makes tea for her visitors , Haggard , O'Reilly and Zoil surround the house . The fugitives flee , but O'Reilly shoots at them , igniting gas from Tara s stove and destroying her house . O'Reilly is apparently killed in the explosion . Haggard pursues and catches up to the RV . Due to an error in judgement , Haggard drives off a cliff and is killed . Zoil reassures the Big Guy that he will have Paul within the hour , but she is tired of waiting and informs Zoil that she has ordered a military response . Paul , Graeme , Clive , Ruth and Tara arrive at Devils Tower National Monument , where they set off fireworks as a signal to Paul s mothership . A helicopter suddenly arrives with agents and The Big Guy . Zoil then appears and starts a stand-off , disabling the agents , but is then wounded by The Big Guy . Secretly , Zoil is Paul s friend and attempting to aid the escape under cover of capturing Paul . Moses arrives unexpectedly and fires his shotgun with the intent on killing Paul but Graeme jumps in front of Paul and Ruth and is fatally wounded . Paul once again uses his healing powers to heal Graeme and revives him in spite of the danger to himself . Graeme sits up and kisses Ruth , but then they hear an ahem from The Big Guy . Just as The Big Guy is about to kill them , she is crushed by a suddenly arriving spaceship . Paul says goodbye to his friends before he leaves in the ship with Tara . Two years later , Graeme , Clive , Ruth , and O'Reilly ( who survived the explosion ) are at another Comic-Con where Graeme and Clive are promoting Paul , their best-selling novel .