Martin , CEO of Tri-Oceanic Corp. , hires geologist Steven Beck to supervise an undersea mining operation for six months . The crew consists of members Doc , Willie , Sixpack , Jones , DeJesus , Bowman and Cobb . While working outside their deep sea station in a pressure suit , Sixpack discovers a Soviet shipwreck , Leviathan . The crew salvage a safe from Leviathan , finding records detailing the deaths of several crew members as well as a video log from the captain . Sixpack also finds a flask of vodka which he shares with Bowman . Doc and Beck review the captain s video , which describes puzzling medical problems amongst his crew . They also discover that Leviathan was scuttled . The following morning , Sixpack feels sick and Doc discovers lesions along his back . He dies a few hours later , but Doc and Beck keep it quiet to avoid a panic . Doc checks the crew to confirm no one else is sick , but does not have the chance to examine Bowman . While Beck and Doc confer with Martin on the surface , Bowman begins feeling ill. She finds Sixpack s corpse , which is mutating and growing . When Bowman s hair starts falling out , she realizes the same thing is happening to her . Beck and Doc request emergency evacuation , but Martin reports a severe storm on the surface that will delay evacuation for 12 hours . Doc finds that Bowman killed herself . Her body is taken to sickbay , where it merges with Sixpack s . When the crew discovers the mutating bodies , they decide to dump both of them in the ocean . As they are about to flush the cadavers , the body bag begins squirming . Believing someone inside may be alive , the crew opens it . The creature inside claws Cobb before they eject it . They realize that Leviathan was experimenting on its unwitting crew with mutagens . The mutagen was mixed with the vodka that the crew , and later Sixpack and Bowman , drank . The ship was scuttled when the experiment escaped control . A tentacle was severed when the corpses were ejected ; it mutates into a lamprey-like creature that attacks DeJesus in the kitchen . Jones seals the kitchen s pressure doors and goes for help . He asks Cobb to watch the door , but when he searches for a weapon , the creature assimilates DeJesus and rips its way out of the kitchen . It then grows tentacles that attack the crew . The creature attacks the medical bay , devouring blood and plasma from the cooler . This inspires Beck to use a pint of his blood to attract the beast , then attempt to flush it the same way they did with Sixpack and Bowman . Doc ejects the escape pods so that no one can escape and risk bringing the mutagen to the surface . Beck consults with Martin for emergency evacuation . Martin assures them that they will not be left behind , but that she can not carry out the rescue because of a hurricane . Cobb s injuries worsen , causing him to mutate and infect Doc . Williams escapes as Beck and Jones try trapping the creature . They escape to another part of the station . The crew tries accessing weather information through the computer , but it is blocked . Williams asks the computer for a financial report from the company and they discover that Tri-Oceanic Corporation has declared them dead , labeling it an accident . The creature damages vital systems , causing the pressure to drop and an implosion to occur . They decide to use their dive suits to escape . The creature attacks them , but is crushed by the lift as Beck escapes . They make it to the surface , which is calm and sunny . As they are met by a Coast Guard helicopter , the mutant surfaces nearby and tries to take Jones . He keeps it from escaping at the cost of his own life , and Beck throws a demolition charge into the creature s mouth , causing it to explode . After they are dropped off on a Tri-Oceanic oil drilling platform , the two survivors are greeted by Martin . Martin tells them she believed they would make it , smiling insincerely and asking how Beck feels . Beck punches Martin in the face , knocking her out , and then answers her question by saying Better . A lot better .