As told through interviews and footage through the film , Truman Burbank is the unsuspecting star of The Truman Show , a reality television program which is broadcast live around the clock and across the globe . His entire life has taken place within a giant arcological dome in Hollywood , fashioned to create the seaside town of Seahaven , Florida , and equipped with thousands of cameras to monitor all aspects of Truman s life . All of Seahaven s residents are actors . Creator and executive producer Christof wants to capture Truman s real emotion and human behavior . The producers have discouraged Truman from wanting to travel beyond Seahaven by instilling him with aquaphobia through the death of his TV father in a boating accident , and by constantly broadcasting and printing messages of the dangers of travelling . Despite Christof s control , Truman manages to act in unexpected ways . During his college years , Truman was set to fall in love and marry co-student Meryl , but fell in love with another actress , Sylvia . Sylvia managed to bring Truman out of the sight of cameras long enough to warn him that his reality is fake before she was taken away and off-set , with her father claiming they are traveling to Fiji . While Truman went on to marry Meryl , he continues to fantasize about Sylvia , using scraps from magazines to recreate her face in secret , and seeks travel to Fiji . Outside of the show , Sylvia has become part of a Free Truman campaign that demands the end of the show . The film begins during the thirtieth year of the show . During the day , Truman notices strange occurrences all seem centered on him ( a falling spotlight , rain that only falls on himself ) . Truman spots a disheveled man and recognizes him as his father , who had snuck back into the set , but the actors quickly drag the man away . Despite efforts by Meryl and Truman s best friend Marlon to reassure Truman , Truman becomes even more suspicious about his life . One day , he takes Meryl by surprise by going on an impromptu road trip , but their way is blocked by apparent emergencies created by Christof . Meryl begins to break down from the stress , and during an argument with Truman , breaks character and is later taken off the show . Truman , depressed and confused , is consoled by Marlon , and Christof uses the opportunity to re-introduce Truman s father to the show proper , hoping to bring Truman back to some emotional stability . Truman seems to recover , but the next day , the producers find Truman sleeping in his basement . Marlon is sent to check on Truman , only to find he has disappeared through a makeshift tunnel . Marlon breaks character , and Christof orders the first transmission cut of the show s history while a city-wide search for Truman is launched . Audiences around the world are drawn to this sudden change . Truman is found sailing out of Seahaven , having conquered his fear of water , and Christof resumes the broadcast as he sends a man-made lightning storm to try to capsize the boat . Network executives fear that Truman may die on live television , but Truman manages to persist . Realizing he can not dissuade Truman any further , Christof ends the storm . Truman continues to sail until his boat punctures the wall of the dome , to his surprise , and finds an exit door . Christof , speaking directly to Truman through a speaker system , tries to convince him to stay by stating that there is no more truth out in the real world and that by staying in his artificial world , he would have nothing to fear . Truman considers this , then states : In case I do n't see you ... good afternoon , good evening , and good night , takes a bow , and leaves . Sylvia races to go meet Truman while audiences celebrate . Christof s supervisors end the show for the last time , much to Christof s dismay , as audiences now start looking for something else to watch .