The commercial spacecraft Nostromo is on a return trip to Earth with a seven-member crew in stasis : Captain Dallas , Executive Officer Kane , Navigator Lambert , Science Officer Ash , Warrant Officer Ripley , and Engineers Parker and Brett . Detecting a mysterious transmission , possibly a distress signal , from a nearby planetoid , the ship s computer , MUTHR , awakens the crew . Following standard company policy for such situations , the Nostromo lands on the planetoid and Dallas , Kane , and Lambert head out to investigate , damaging their ship upon landing in dust . They discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft . Inside , they find the remains of a large alien creature whose ribcage appears to have exploded from the inside . On the Nostromo , Ripley determines that the transmission is not a distress signal but a warning . In the alien ship , Kane discovers a chamber containing hundreds of eggs . As he inspects one , a creature springs out , spits acid through his space helmet and attaches itself to his face . Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane back to the Nostromo . As acting senior officer , Ripley refuses to let them aboard , citing quarantine regulations , but Ash violates protocol by overriding Ripley s lock and letting them in . The crew are unable to remove the creature from Kane s face , as its grip is strong and its blood is an extremely corrosive acid . It eventually lets go , crawls away , and dies . The crew repair the ship and lift off . Kane awakens and seems healthy , but during the crew s final meal before re-entering stasis , he chokes and convulses in pain before a small alien creature bursts from his chest , killing him , and escapes into the depths of the ship to molt . Since attacking the creature with conventional weapons could result in its corrosive blood breaching the ship s hull , the crew attempts to locate and capture it with motion trackers , nets , electric prods , and flamethrowers . Brett is sent to look for the crew s cat , Jones , and the now fully grown alien attacks him and disappears with his body into the air shafts . After a heated discussion , the group devises a plan to jettison the creature out of the ship . Dallas enters the Nostromo s labyrinthine ventilation shafts , intending to force the alien into an airlock , but it ambushes him . Lambert , realizing the alien is killing the crew one by one , implores the others to escape in the ship s shuttle . Now in command , Ripley explains that the shuttle will not support four people , and recommends that they continue with Dallas ' plan of flushing the alien out . Accessing MUTHR , Ripley discovers that Ash has secretly been ordered to return the alien to the crew s employers , who consider the crew expendable . When Ripley confronts Ash , he tries to choke her to death . Parker intervenes and knocks off Ash s head , revealing him to be an android . Parker reanimates Ash s head , and Ripley interrogates him . They learn he was assigned to the Nostromo to convince the crew to capture the creature and return it for analysis , even at the expense of the human personnel . Ash taunts them about their chances of survival against the perfect organism . Parker turns a flamethrower on Ash . Ripley , Lambert and Parker agree to set the Nostromo to self-destruct and escape in the shuttle . However , Parker and Lambert are ambushed and killed by the alien while gathering life-support supplies . Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence and heads for the shuttle with Jones , but the alien blocks her path . She retreats and unsuccessfully attempts to abort the self-destruct sequence , then returns to retrieve Jones , finding the alien gone . She narrowly escapes in the shuttle as the Nostromo explodes . As she prepares to enter stasis , Ripley discovers the Alien is aboard the shuttle . She dons a spacesuit and opens the shuttle s airlock , causing explosive decompression which forces the Alien into the shuttle s open doorway . She propels it into space by shooting it with a grappling hook , but the gun catches in the closing door , tethering the alien to the shuttle . Ripley activates the engines , blasting the alien into space . After recording the ship s final log entry , she places herself and Jones into stasis for the voyage home .