High school student Danny Vinyard ( Edward Furlong ) receives an assignment from his history teacher Mr. Murray ( Elliott Gould ) to write a paper on any book which relates to the struggle for human rights . Knowing Murray is Jewish , Danny writes his paper on Adolf Hitler s Mein Kampf . Murray attempts to get Danny expelled for doing this , but Principal Dr. Bob Sweeney ( Avery Brooks ) refuses , instead informing Danny that he will study history and current events under Sweeney , and that the class will be called American History X . Danny s first assignment is to prepare a paper on his brother Derek ( Edward Norton ) , a former neo-Nazi leader . Derek and Danny s firefighter father Dennis Vinyard ( William Russ ) exposes his own racism in reaction to the news that Derek s English teacher , Dr. Sweeney , had assigned Richard Wright s novel Native Son . Sent on a call to fight a fire in a drug den , Dennis is murdered by black drug dealers . In a television interview conducted after Dennis ' death , Derek erupts in a long racist tirade . Shortly thereafter , Cameron Alexander ( Stacy Keach ) and Derek form a white supremacist gang called the D.O.C . ( Disciples of Christ ) . As a skilled basketball player , Derek is reluctantly dragged into a 3-on-3 game against several members of the Crips in which the prize is control of the recreation center basketball courts . After winning with his friends , Derek leads a large gang of skinheads to attack a supermarket owned by a Korean . Derek s mother Doris ( Beverly D'Angelo ) invites Murray , whom she is dating , home for dinner , which turns into a full-blown argument between Derek and Murray , causing themselves to leave . That night as Danny hears people attempting to steal Dennis ' truck , Derek shoots and kills one of the thieves and curb stomps another , before being arrested by the police and being sentenced to three years in prison for voluntary manslaughter . Derek is given a job in the prison laundry and assigned to be the partner of Lamont ( Guy Torry ) , a black man who is serving six years for assault . The pair develop a rapport from their shared love of basketball . Derek joins the Aryan Brotherhood , but after about a year , he becomes disillusioned with it . After being attacked in the shower by the Aryan Brotherhood members , Derek recovers and is visited by Sweeney , whom he asks for help to be paroled . Sweeney informs him of Danny s involvement with neo-Nazis , and warns that he is on the same path as Derek . Derek further distances himself from the Aryan Brotherhood and spends the remainder of his time in prison alone , reading books that Sweeney sends him . Finally realizing the error of his ways , Derek leaves prison a changed man . He finds that Danny has a D.O.C . tattoo and tries to persuade Danny to leave the gang . They subsequently go to a neo-Nazi party , where Derek tells Cameron that he and Danny will no longer associate with the neo-Nazi movement . Derek tells Danny about his experience in prison , which seems to prompt a change in Danny . The next morning , Danny finishes his paper and Derek gets ready for a meeting with his parole officer . Derek walks Danny to school before his meeting , and on their way they stop at a diner . Sweeney and a police officer tell Derek that his friend Seth Ryan ( Ethan Suplee ) and Cameron were attacked the previous night . At school , Danny is confronted by a young black student named Little Henry , who shoots and kills Danny . Derek arrives at the school and mourns for Danny . In a voice over , Danny reads the final lines of his paper for Dr. Sweeney , stating , Hate is baggage . Life s too short to be pissed off all the time . It s just not worth it , and then quoting the final stanza of Abraham Lincoln s first inaugural address .