Three thousand years ago , an Aztec warlord named Yaotl and his four generals discover a portal opening into a parallel universe which is said to have great power . Yaotl becomes immortal from the power , but his four generals were turned to stone . The portal releases 13 immortal monsters ( such as the Bigfoot , the Centaur , Lethargo the Mapinguari , Aracknor the Jbafofi , Succubor the Popobawa , the Jersey Devil and the Sea Monster ) that destroy his army as well as his enemies . In the present , the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles have grown apart . After defeating the Shredder , Master Splinter has sent Leonardo to Central America for training . Donatello works as an IT specialist , Michelangelo works as a birthday party entertainer called Cowabunga Carl and Raphael works at night as a vigilante nicknamed Nightwatcher . April O'Neil operates a company that locates and acquires relics for collectors with the help of her boyfriend , Casey Jones . During a business trip to Central America , April runs into Leonardo and tells him that the turtles have drifted apart . She returns to New York with a statue for her client , Max Winters , the richest man in the city . Upon arrival she calls Casey and tells him that she spoke to Leo and tells him that Leo s not coming back . However a little later Leo does return , and April and Casey deliver the statue to Winters . Winters hires Karai and the Foot Clan to search the city for the thirteen beasts before the portal opens again . Raphael encounters Casey , who reveals his knowledge of Raphael s double identity and joins him in hunting criminals . Winters , who is actually the still-immortal Yaotl , reanimates his generals with his company s advanced technology , but they remain made of stone . Leo returns to the sewer , meeting Splinter . Splinter forbids the Turtles from fighting until they can act as a team again . While training , the Turtles encounter Bigfoot , one of the thirteen beasts battling the Foot Clan . The Turtles engage Bigfoot , going against Leo and Splinter s orders . When Raphael visits Casey , they encounter Vampire Succubor and witness its capture by the Foot Clan and the Stone Generals , who spot them and knock Raphael unconscious . Casey takes him back to the apartment while April calls the Turtles for help and reveals the identities of Yaotl and his Generals . After being revived , Raphael suggests they pursue Yaotl , but Leo forbids him to go until Splinter gives out the order and so Raphael goes out to investigate alone as Nightwatcher . Leo , Donny and Mikey return to their sewer home to plan their next move , where Donny discovers the reopening of the portal will be directly over Winters ' skyscraper headquarters . Splinter informs Leo that his team is incomplete , and that he knows what he must do . After eleven monsters have been captured , General Aguila questions Yaotl s actions . The Generals conspire betray Yaotl , wanting to remain immortal . Raphael encounters Jersey Devil , one of the remaining monsters but drives it off . Leo has been following him , wanting to put an end to the Nightwatcher s vigilante acts , but when Raph is revealed , they battle . Raph breaks Leo s twin swords and seems as though he is about to kill him but runs off instead . Immediately after Raph flees , the Generals ambush Leo , who is shot with a poison dart and too weak to fight them . Raph hears him scream in the distance as he s taken hostage and doubles back in pursuit , but he fails to get there in time . He takes Leo s broken swords back to Splinter and explains what happened . The Generals intend to substitute Leo for the thirteenth missing beast and Raphael decides to make amends for his past mistakes by rescuing Leo . As the portal opens , Yaotl discovers his Generals ' treachery , while Splinter and the Turtles , accompanied by Casey and April , fight their way through the Foot Clan cordon and breach the tower . Yaotl reveals the truth to the heroes : he wants to be free of his curse of immortality . The Generals reveal that they wish to preserve their immortality , but also to use the portal to bring in more monsters to conquer the world . Having refused to betray Yaotl in exchange for serving the Generals , April , Casey and the Foot Clan work together , searching for the final monster while the Turtles fight the Generals . Splinter and Yaotl fight off numerous monsters emerging from the portal . April , Casey and Karai arrive at the tower with the last monster , the Sea Monster . The Sea Monster crashes into the Generals , dragging them into the portal before it closes . Karai warns them to enjoy their victory while it lasts , claiming they will soon contend with a familiar foe , which the Turtles suspect to be the Shredder . She and the rest of the Foot Clan depart . Yaotl , now mortal , honors the Turtles and Splinter , thanking them with his dying breath for fulfilling his lifelong wish . Splinter places Yaotl s helmet among his trophy collection , as well as Raphael s Nightwatcher helmet and Michelangelo s turtle costume , and the film ends with Raphael narrating that the Turtles will always be brothers .