Major Alan Dutch Schaefer and his six-man team , consisting of himself , operators Mac Elliot , Billy Sole , and Blaine Cooper , demolitions and explosives expert Jorge Poncho RamĂ­rez , and radioman Rick Hawkins , are tasked by the CIA with spearheading the rescue of an official held hostage by insurgents in Val Verde . CIA Agent George Dillon , a former commando and an old friend of Dutch s , is assigned to accompany and supervise the team despite Dutch s reservations . The team is taken to a remote jungle and begins the mission . They soon discover the wreckage of another chopper and three skinned corpses , whom Dutch identifies as U.S. Army Special Forces he once trained . Pressing on , the team reaches the insurgent camp and kills every single guerilla , including a Soviet intelligence officer searching through top-secret CIA documents . Dillon , confronted by a suspicious Dutch , admits the mission was a setup to retrieve intelligence from captured operatives and that the dead unit disappeared weeks earlier in a failed rescue . Upon capturing a female guerilla named Anna , the group proceeds to extraction , unaware that they are being stalked by a nearly invisible creature who tracks them with thermal imaging . Hawkins chases a fleeing Anna when they are both suddenly confronted by the creature . The unarmed Anna is spared , but Hawkins is swiftly killed and dragged away . Dutch organizes a manhunt for his body , during which Blaine is killed by the creature s plasma weapon , enraging Mac . An ensuing firefight fails to draw out the creature , so the unit regroups and questions Anna , learning that their stalker is an unknown creature locals call El diablo cazador de hombres or El demonio que hace trofeos de los hombres , meaning The devil man hunter and The demon who makes trophies of men respectively . The next day , an attempt to trap the creature fails , leaving Poncho badly injured . Mac and Dillon pursue the alien , but it outwits and kills them both . The survivors try to escape , but the creature catches up , killing Billy and Poncho , and wounding Dutch . Dutch sends Anna to the chopper alone and unarmed , upon realizing the creature does not target unarmed prey because there s no sport . While being pursued by the alien , Dutch slides down a hill into a river , goes over a waterfall and ends up crawling through a patch of mud , only for the creature to catch up to him ; its cloaking device malfunctions in the water , allowing Dutch to finally see his hidden enemy . The alien , though standing a few feet from Dutch , does not see him and moves on . This helps him realize that the mud he is now covered in is acting as camouflage by cooling his skin and blocking his body s heat signature from the alien s thermal sensor . Now seeking to avenge his men , Dutch uses his knowledge of jungle warfare to craft a series of traps . Covered in mud and armed with improvised weapons , he lures the creature in with a war cry . Utilizing his preparations , Dutch beats the alien at its own game , disabling its cloaking device and inflicting minor injuries . However , the creature rallies itself and finally corners him . Acknowledging Dutch as a worthy foe , the alien discards its mask and plasma weapon , and challenges him to a hand-to-hand fight , where it has a clear advantage . After being brutally beaten , Dutch narrowly defeats the creature by using a counterweight to crush it . Standing over the crippled alien , he asks , What the hell are you ? , but the creature simply repeats back What the hell are you ? in garbled English before activating a self-destruct device on its wrist , laughing sinisterly as the count down begins . Dutch flees and takes cover just before the self-destruct device explodes in a mushroom cloud . Dutch , the last man standing , is picked up shortly afterwards by his commander , General Phillips , and finds Anna in the helicopter .