Cameron James , a new student at Padua High School in the Seattle area , becomes instantly smitten with popular sophomore Bianca Stratford . Geeky Michael Eckman warns him that Bianca is vapid and conceited , and that her overprotective father does not allow Bianca or her older sister , the shrewish Kat , to date . Kat , a senior , is accepted to Sarah Lawrence College in New York , but her father , Walter , wants her to stay close to home . Bianca wishes to date affluent senior Joey Donner , but Walter , an obstetrician worrisome of teenage pregnancy , will not allow his daughters to date until they graduate . Frustrated by Bianca s insistence and Kat s rebelliousness , Walter declares that Bianca may date only when Kat does , knowing that Kat s antisocial attitude makes this unlikely . When Cameron asks Bianca out , she informs him of her father s new rule and , as a pretense for allowing her to date Joey , suggests that Cameron find someone willing to date Kat . Cameron selects bad boy Patrick Verona , but Patrick scares him off . Michael assists by convincing Joey to pay Patrick to take out Kat , under the pretense that this will allow Joey to date Bianca . Patrick agrees to the deal , but Kat rebuffs his first few advances . Michael and Cameron help him by prying Bianca for information on Kat s likes and dislikes . Armed with this knowledge , Patrick begins to win Kat s interest . She goes to a party with him , which enables Bianca to go as well , much to Walter s dismay . At the party , Kat becomes upset when she sees Bianca with Joey , and responds by getting drunk . Patrick attends to her , and Kat starts to open up , expressing her interest in starting a band . However , when she tries to kiss him , Patrick pulls away and Kat leaves , infuriated . Meanwhile , Bianca ignores Cameron in favor of Joey , leaving Cameron dejected . Bianca soon realizes , however , that Joey is shallow and self-absorbed , and asks Cameron for a ride home . Cameron admits his feelings for her and his frustration with how she has treated him . Bianca responds by kissing him . Joey offers to pay Patrick to take Kat to the prom so he can take Bianca . Patrick initially refuses , but relents when Joey offers him more money . Kat is still angry with Patrick , but he wins her over by serenading her with the accompaniment of the marching band , and she helps him sneak out of detention . They go on a date which turns romantic , but Kat becomes suspicious and angry when Patrick insists that she go with him to the prom , an event she is adamantly against . Bianca is irritated that Cameron has n't asked her to the prom , and so accepts Joey s invitation , but Walter wo n't allow it unless Kat goes too . Kat confesses to Bianca that she dated Joey when they were freshmen and , succumbing to peer pressure , had sex with him . Afterward she regretted it and Joey dumped her , so she vowed to never again do anything just because everyone else was doing it . Bianca insists that she can make her own choices , so Kat agrees to go to the prom with Patrick , and Bianca decides to go with Cameron instead of Joey . All is going well at the prom until Bianca learns that Joey planned to have sex with her that night . Angry that Bianca has spurned him for Cameron , Joey reveals his arrangement with Patrick , which causes Kat to leave heartbroken . Joey then punches Cameron , but is in turn beaten up by Bianca for having hurt her , Kat , and Cameron . Bianca and Cameron share another kiss . The next day , Bianca reconciles with Kat and begins dating Cameron . Walter admits that Kat is capable of taking care of herself , and gives her permission to attend Sarah Lawrence College . For an assignment in which the students were required to write their own version of William Shakespeare s Sonnet 141 , Kat reads aloud a poem titled 10 Things I Hate About You , revealing that she still loves Patrick . Patrick surprises her with a guitar bought with the money that Joey paid him , and confesses that he has fallen for her . Kat forgives him , and the two reconcile with a kiss .