In the 1990s , U.S. National Security Agency official Thomas Bryan Reynolds ( Jon Voight ) meets with U.S . Congressman Phil Hammersley ( R-NY ) ( Jason Robards ) in a public park to discuss support for new counter-terrorism legislation the U.S. Congress is pushing that dramatically expands the surveillance powers of intelligence agencies on individuals and groups . Hammersley remains committed to blocking its passage , since he believes it would almost totally destroy the privacy of American citizens . Reynolds , determined to have the bill pass so as to gain a long-delayed and anticipated promotion , has his team murder Hammersley , spread heart pills over his car , place him in the car and push it in a lake to make it look like he had a heart attack . In the aftermath , they discover too late that wildlife researcher Daniel Zavits ( Jason Lee ) had a camera aimed in the woods at their location . Zavits inspects the footage and , realizing he has captured the congressman s murder , calls a journalist he knows . The call is monitored by Reynold s team who attempt to break into his apartment to retrieve the tape . Realizing he is in grave danger , he transfers the video to a ZIP disc and places it into an NEC Turbo handheld before fleeing the apartment ahead of Reynolds s men . Zavits is eventually killed when he runs into the street in front of a fire truck but immediately prior , he bumped into an old college friend , labor lawyer Robert Clayton Dean ( Will Smith ) , and slipped the disc into his shopping bag without his knowledge . When the NSA discovers that Dean might have the video , Reynolds s team raids his house and plants surveillance devices , but the video does not turn up . The NSA then disseminates false evidence to implicate Dean of working with the mob family of Boss Paulie Pintero ( Tom Sizemore ) and seeing Rachel Banks ( Lisa Bonet ) , an ex-girlfriend he had an affair with . The subterfuge destroys Dean s life : he is dismissed from his job , his bank accounts are frozen , and his wife Carla ( Regina King ) throws him out of the house . Dean believes Pintero is behind the smear campaign as revenge because Dean blackmailed him into backing off his clients in a prior case , with help from Banks ' secretive contact Brill ( Gene Hackman ) . Dean sets up a face-to-face meet with Brill and the NSA sends an impostor Brill to intercept him , but the real Brill rescues him . Brill explains that his pursuers are NSA agents and rids him of tracking devices hidden in his clothing . With Dean and Brill in hiding , the NSA agents kill Banks and frame Dean for the murder . Dean obtains the disc and Brill identifies Reynolds in the recovered video , but the disc is destroyed during an escape from an NSA raid . Brill , whose real name is Edward Lyle , tells Dean of his past as a communications expert for the NSA ; he was stationed in Iran in 1979 when the Iranian Revolution occurred ; his partner , Rachel s father , was killed but Lyle made it out and has been in hiding since . Lyle tries to coax Dean into trying to run away , but Dean is adamant about clearing his name . Dean and Lyle trail another supporter of the surveillance bill , U.S . Congressman Sam Albert ( R-NH ) , by videotaping him having an affair with his aide . Dean and Lyle hide one of the NSA s bugs in Albert s room so Albert will find them and have the NSA start an investigation about Albert s tapping . Lyle also deposits into Reynolds s bank account to make it appear that he is taking bribes , putting enormous pressure on Reynolds . Lyle contacts Reynolds to set up a meeting to exchange the video and get Reynolds to incriminate himself . Reynolds ' men instead ambush the meeting and hold Lyle and Dean at gunpoint , demanding the tape . Dean tells them that the Hammersley murder footage is in the hands of Pintero , knowing Pintero s restaurant is under FBI surveillance . Dean , Reynolds , and the NSA team head into Pintero s restaurant . Using ambiguous language , Dean convinces Pintero that Reynolds is after the incriminating video Dean blackmailed him with and the encounter devolves into a massive firefight that kills the mobsters , Reynolds , and several of his NSA team . Lyle escapes while the FBI rescues Dean and uncovers the entire conspiracy . The U.S. Congress is forced to abandon the passage plan to avoid a national scandal , though they cover up the NSA s involvement to preserve the agency s reputation . Dean is cleared of all charges and is reunited with his wife . Lyle leaves Dean a goodbye message via his TV as he s watching , showing himself relaxing in a tropical location .