Arthur Bishop ( Charles Bronson ) is a mechanic —a top hit man ( assassin ) . He works exclusively for a secret international organization , which has very strict rules . Bishop is very sophisticated , as he regularly listens to classical music , has an art collection , and is a connoisseur of fine wines . However , he is forced to live alone - he can not show emotions or trust people . Bishop is under constant emotional pressure , so much so that he is prescribed medication for depression , and one day he is temporarily hospitalized when he loses consciousness as a result of the stress . Bishop pays a call girl ( Jill Ireland ) for an ongoing girlfriend experience to have a simulated romantic ( social and sexual ) relationship , including her writing him fake love letters . When Bishop is assigned one of the organization s heads , Big Harry McKenna ( Keenan Wynn ) , he shoots at Big Harry , while making him think that the shots are being fired by a hidden sniper . Harry , who Bishop knows has a weak heart , runs up a steep incline , which triggers a heart attack . Bishop then finishes Harry off by smothering him . At Big Harry s funeral , Bishop meets Harry s narcissistic , ruthless and ambitious son Steve ( Jan-Michael Vincent ) . Steve is intrigued by Bishop and seeks to find out more about him . Bishop is also intrigued , as he realizes that Steve has a personality suited for being a hit man , and plays along . As part of his training , Bishop teaches Steve that every person has a weakness , and that once this weakness is found , the target is easy to kill . But Bishop failed to get his superiors ' prior consent for the arrangement . Following a messy assassination conducted by Bishop and Steve , the organization warns Bishop that his irresponsible choice to involve Steve has been interpreted as selfish behavior . The organization then gives Bishop an urgent mission , this time in Italy . Once again , Bishop involves Steve in the new plan , but just before they leave Bishop happens to find among Steve s belongings a file containing a lot of information about Bishop . This file is very similar to the files Bishop prepared for his targets . Nevertheless , Bishop allows Steve to go with him to Italy . In Italy , Bishop and Steve approach a boat where their intended victim is supposed to be , but it becomes apparent that this was a trap and they are the real targets . Bishop and Steve are ambushed , but they manage to kill all their would-be assassins . His apprenticeship apparently complete , Steve shares a celebratory bottle of wine with Bishop , having coated the latter s glass with brucine , a colorless and deadly alkaloid . When Bishop realizes that he has been poisoned , he asks Steve if it was because Bishop had killed Steve s father . Steve responds that he had not realized his father was murdered . Steve taunts Bishop , saying you told me that everyone has a jelly spot -- yours was that you could n't cut it alone . Steve goes on to reveal that he was not acting on orders to kill Bishop . Steve returns to Bishop s home to pick up the Ford Mustang he had left there . He finds a note affixed to the rear-view mirror , which reads : Steve , if you re read this it means I did n't make it back . It also means you ve broken a filament controlling a 13-second delay trigger . End of game . Bang ! You re dead . As Steve frantically reaches for the door handle , the car explodes .