In New York City , four men armed with submachine guns and using code names ( Mr. Blue , Mr. Green , Mr. Grey , and Mr. Brown ) , wearing similar trenchcoat , glasses and mustache disguises , board the Downtown-bound 6 subway train at different station stops ( Green at 59th Street , Grey at 51st Street , Brown at Grand Central , and Blue at 28th Street ) . The men take seventeen passengers and the conductor hostage , isolate them in the train s first car and then separate the car from the rest of the train . Meanwhile , Zachary Garber ( Walter Matthau ) , a cynical and curmudgeonly yet light-hearted New York City Transit Authority police lieutenant , is leading a tour of New York s subway command center when it is interrupted by Blue s radio announcement that your train has been taken . Blue ( Robert Shaw ) , the leader of the hijackers , reveals their demands : a ransom of $ 1 million , to be delivered within one hour , or else they ll kill one passenger per minute after that . Garber , the sarcastic lieutenant Rico Patrone ( Jerry Stiller ) , and other transit workers cooperate while trying to guess how the criminals intend to get away . The supervisor at Grand Central decides to confront the hijackers himself . As he approaches the train , Grey ( Hector Elizondo ) shoots him dead . Various clues surface for Garber : Blue has an English accent , while Green ( Martin Balsam ) has a cold and periodically sneezes over the radio , to which Garber says Gesundheit . Garber surmises that as the hijackers are able to operate the train , one is probably a disgruntled transit worker . He also learns that one of the hostages is an undercover police officer . The mayor finally agrees to pay the ransom . Conversations between the hijackers reveal that Blue was a mercenary in Africa and Green was a motorman caught in a drugs bust . There is also an undercurrent of tension between Blue and Grey ; Blue confides to Green that he believes Grey is mad and potentially trouble . Garber requests additional time from Blue , believing that the process of gathering the money and transporting it to the train within the hour is practically impossible . Blue refuses to grant any extra time but eventually agrees to a slight change of the conditions of the deadline ; the money must now at least reach the 28th Street station nearest the train by the 3:13pm deadline rather than the train itself . During the tense wait for the money , a police officer exchanges gunfire with the hijackers . In retaliation , Blue kills the conductor . The police dispatch a squad car with the ransom money , but it crashes . Garber daringly bluffs to buy time , telling the hijackers that the money has been delivered , delayed only by the walk down the tunnel . A reluctant Blue agrees to wait . A police motorcycle delivers the ransom and then it is delivered on foot . With the money finally in hand , Blue gives Garber their next demands : that electric power be restored to the subway line , that all signals in the path of the train be set to green , and all police officers be cleared from the tunnel . Having overridden the train s dead-man s switch , a safety device requiring a motorman to continually press down on the throttle or else the train will stop , the hijackers get off the train and set it in motion . As the train starts to move , the undercover officer jumps off and hides . The car begins to travel faster and faster , as no one is controlling its speed . While following the runaway train above ground , Garber becomes convinced that it is a diversion and that the hijackers must have left it . In the tunnel , the hijackers begin their escape into the emergency exit ; however , Grey refuses to leave his gun behind , resulting in a stand-off with Blue , who shoots him dead . The undercover officer manages to kill Brown ( Earl Hindman ) with one shot . Green escapes onto the street , while Blue shoots at the officer until he wounds him . Garber arrives and , drawing on Blue , orders him to surrender . Told that New York no longer has the death penalty , Blue electrocutes himself by stepping onto the third rail . Meanwhile , the runaway car finally encounters a red signal upon the approach to the South Ferry loop and grinds to a halt ; the remaining hostages are safe . The three dead hijackers are identified , and it is clear that none had piloted trains , so Garber concludes that the remaining hijacker must be the former transit employee . Working their way through a list of former motormen discharged for cause , Garber and Patrone pay a visit to Harold Longman ( Green ) , who bluffs his way through the officers ' questioning . The officers find Longman s alibi weak , but start out the door , until Longman sneezes and Garber says Gesundheit . Garber re-opens the door , and his expression indicates that he has found the final hijacker .