Once , long ago , the ancient Lord of Darkness ( Tim Curry ) laments his isolation in the shadows before sensing the presence of two unicorns who safeguard the Power of Light ; where upon Darkness instructs Blix ( Alice Playten ) and his fellow goblins Pox ( Peter O'Farrell ) and Blunder ( Kiran Shah ) to kill the unicorns and bring him their horns to free himself . Meanwhile , Princess Lily ( Mia Sara ) , a mischievous and vibrant girl goes alone to the forest to meet her love interest Jack ( Tom Cruise ) , an adventurous forest dweller who teaches her the languages of animals before showing her the unicorns as he promised he would someday do . Against Jack s pleas , Lily approaches the stallion to stroke him , making him distracted and the perfect target for a poisoned dart from Blix s blowpipe . Once hit , the unicorns bolt , and Lily makes light of Jack s fears and sets him a challenge by throwing her ring into a pond , declaring that she will marry whoever finds it . Jack , proving his love to Lily , dives into the pond to retrieve it . As the stallion dies from the poison and the goblins seize his horn , the forest and the pond freeze , setting the mortal realm into an apocalyptic winter . Lily runs off in terror before Jack can break the surface of the frozen pond . Taking refuge in a frozen cottage , Lily overhears the goblins talking about their slaying of the unicorn and testing the alicorn s magical powers . She follows them to a rendevouz with Darkness , who orders them to hunt down the mare . In a fit of overconfidence , Blunder challenges Darkness with the stallion s horn in hand , but is instead restrained and taken away . In the forest , Jack encounters the elf Honeythorn Gump ( David Bennent , voiced by Alice Playten ) . Joined by Gump , the fairy Oona ( Annabelle Lanyon ) , and the dwarves Brown Tom and Screwball ( Cork Hubbert and Billy Barty ) , Jack searches for Lily before coming across the lifeless stallion and his mate . Knowing that the horn must be recovered and returned to the stallion , Jack is led by Gump and the others to a cache of ancient weapons while Brown Tom guards the mare . Lily , attempting to make amends for her role in the stallion s death , is captured alongside the mare after Brown Tom is knocked out . Learning what has transpired , Jack and his group enter the ancient temple in the marshes where Darkness resides . Though Jack deals with the swamp hag Meg Mucklebones ( Robert Picardo ) , he and his group fall into a pit trap that takes them to dungeon . There they encounter Blunder , revealed to be a disguised elf , before he is dragged off by the ogre chefs to be cooked into a pie . Oona saves Jack and the others , and they resume searching for Lily and the mare . Having fallen in love with Lily , Darkness tempts her ; and Lily agrees to wed him on the condition that she kills the mare in the upcoming ritual . Overhearing their conversation , Jack and Gump learn that Darkness can be destroyed by daylight . While saving Blunder , the group take giant metal platters to reflect the sunlight to the chamber where the mare is to be sacrificed . As the ritual begins , Lily frees the unicorn , but is knocked out by Darkness . Jack fights Darkness while the others relay the light of the setting sun . Once hit by the light , Darkness is expelled to the edge of a cliff , but , using the unicorn s horn to hold on , he defiantly states to Jack that evil lurks in everyone and that they will never truly defeat him . Jack strikes Darkness ' hand , releasing the unicorn s horn , and Darkness is expelled into the stars . As Gump returns the stallion s horn , returning him to life , Jack retrieves the ring from the pond and returns it to Lily , reviving her .