After a failed marriage proposal to his girlfriend Robin Harris , Steven M. Kovacs moves into his own apartment . Taking advice from his friend Rick , Steven bribes cable guy , Ernie Chip Douglas , to give him free movie channels , which he does . Chip gets Steven to hang out with him the next day and makes him one of his preferred customers . Chip takes Steven to the satellite dish responsible for sending out television signals . Steven tells his problems with Robin to Chip , who advises him to admit his faults to Robin and invite her over to watch Sleepless in Seattle . Steven takes Chip s advice , and Robin agrees to watch the movie with him . Chip begins acting more suspiciously , running into Steven and his friends at the gym and leaving several messages on Steven s answering machine . When Robin arrives to watch the movie , the cable is out , due to Chip , who intentionally sabotaged Steven s cable . Chip fixes the cable under the condition that they hang out again , to which Steven agrees . Chip takes Steven to Medieval Times , where Chip arranges for them to battle in the arena , referencing the Star Trek episode Amok Time . Chip behaves aggressively , nearly killing Steven , who eventually bests him in combat . When they arrive at Steven s home , Chip reveals that he s installed an expensive home theater system in his living room . Chip and Steven later host a party and with Chip s help , Steven sleeps with Heather , who later Chip reveals is a prostitute and Steven throws Chip out . Chip tracks down Robin , who is on a date with another man . When the man goes to the bathroom , Chip severely beats him and tells him to stay away from Robin . He later upgrades Robin s cable , saying that it is on Steven and Robin decides to get back together as a result . Steven tells Chip that they can not be friends , which hurts Chip , which sets Chip on a series of vengeful acts . He gets Steven arrested for possession of stolen property , although Steven is released on bail . During a dinner with his family and Robin , Steven is horrified to see Chip in attendance . Steven tells him to leave , but Chip tells him to play along or he will show everyone a picture of Steven with the prostitute . The evening goes from bad to worse , with Steven punching Chip after the latter implies he slept with Robin . Steven is fired from his job when Chip sends out a video of Steven insulting his boss that was recorded on a hidden camera in his apartment . After doing some investigating , Rick tells Steven that Chip has been fired from the cable company for stalking customers , and uses the names of television characters as aliases . Chip calls Steven that night , telling him he is paying Robin a visit . Steven tracks them down to the satellite dish , where Chip holds Robin hostage . After a physical altercation and a chase , Steven is able to save Robin . As the police arrive , Chip goes into a speech on how he was raised by television and apologizes to Steven for being a bad friend . Chip dives into the satellite dish , knocking out the television signal to the entire town , just as the verdict in a highly publicized case involving a case like the Lyle and Erik Menendez killing is about to be revealed . Chip survives the fall , but injures his back . As Steven and Robin reunite , Steven forgives Chip and asks for his real name . Chip jokingly replies Ricky Ricardo . Chip is later taken to the hospital in a helicopter . When one of the paramedics addresses him as buddy , Chip asks the paramedic if he is truly his buddy , to which the paramedic replies Yeah , sure you are , causing Chip to smile deviously .