God and Lucifer are engaged in a war for the souls of humanity ; a standing wager for the souls of all mankind . Angels and demons are forbidden to manifest on Earth , but they are allowed to possess and influence humans , and half-breeds are used to peddle influence . Exorcist John Constantine ( Keanu Reeves ) was born with the power to see angels and demons . At age 15 , he committed suicide to escape his visions , but he was revived after spending two minutes in Hell , though John explains that since time moves differently in Hell 2 minutes feels like a full lifetime . Consequently , his soul is bound for Hell when he dies for the sin of taking his own life . John exorcises a girl possessed by a soldier demon trying to break through to Earth , something that should not be possible , as demons can not take their true physical form on the mortal plane . John seeks an audience with the androgynous half-breed angel Gabriel ( Tilda Swinton ) . He asks Gabriel for a reprieve from his impending death from lung cancer ; but Gabriel declines , telling John that his motives for exorcising demons are selfish and will not earn him entry into Heaven . After he leaves Gabriel , John repels an attack by a full demon out in the open . This encounter prompts him to meet with former witch doctor Papa Midnite ( Djimon Hounsou ) who informs him that all of Hell is waiting for him to die and that he is the one soul Lucifer would come to collect himself . There , John also encounters half-breed demon Balthazar ( Gavin Rossdale ) . Midnite refuses to become involved , wanting to retain the balance between Heaven and Hell . John begins investigating the situation with his associates Beeman ( Max Baker ) , Hennessy ( Pruitt Taylor Vince ) , and Chas Kramer ( Shia LaBeouf ) . Detective Angela Dodson ( Rachel Weisz ) shows up at Constantine s apartment to ask for his help investigating Isabel ( Rachel Weisz ) , her identical twin s , death . Isabel leapt from the top of a psychiatric hospital , where she was a patient ; and , despite camera footage showing it , Angela is convinced that Isabel would never commit suicide . At first , John mocks her and denies her request for help ; but , after demons chase after Angela on the street outside , Constantine agrees to help . Later on , John wants to see if Isabel is truly in Hell , he then takes a hold of Angela s cat as a means of teleportation and briefly transports himself into the depths of hell where he finds Isabel , whose soul is damned to eternally reliving the moment of her death . Hennessy s and Beeman s research leads them to conclude that Lucifer s son , Mammon , is plotting to break through to Earth and claim it as his own kingdom . To do so , Mammon requires a powerful psychic and assistance from God . Balthazar kills Hennessy and Beeman , and Angela reveals that she and her sister possessed the same gift as John . Angela rejected her visions and they eventually stopped , but Isabel embraced them and was institutionalized for it . John reawakens Angela s psychic ability through a near death experience , then hunts down and interrogates Balthazar who reveals that Mammon has obtained the Spear of Destiny , which is stained with the blood of Jesus Christ . Afterwards , John proceeds to kill Balthazar and he and Angela then leave . Angela , now possessing the psychic abilities Mammon requires , is abducted by an unseen force and brought to the hospital where Isabel supposedly jumped to her death . John convinces Midnite that the balance is no longer in force , and asks to use The Chair ; an old electric chair from Sing Sing . The Chair shows John a vision of how the spear was discovered in Mexico and has been brought to Los Angeles . John and Chas head to the hospital and interrupt the ritual , but Chas is beaten to death by an unseen force in the process . Using incantations and sigils tattooed on his arms , John forces the unseen force , revealed to be an invisible Gabriel , to reveal itself . Gabriel subdues John , admits responsibility for the plan to release Mammon , and reveals the details . Gabriel laments God’s favoritism towards humans and believes that bringing Hell to Earth will enable those who survive to become truly worthy of God’s love through suffering , repentance and faith . Gabriel then casts John from the room . As Gabriel moves to stab Angela with the Spear and release Mammon , John slits his wrists and dies . Time stops as Lucifer arrives to personally collect his soul and John tells him about Mammon’s plan to usurp him . Gabriel attempts to smite Lucifer but can not as God has taken away Gabriel s power , allowing Lucifer to burn Gabriel s wings . Lucifer sends Mammon back to Hell . In return for his help , Lucifer grants John a favor ; instead of a longer life , he asks Lucifer to allow Isabel to go to Heaven . Lucifer agrees , but then finds that he is unable to drag John to Hell ; John s noble sacrifice having granted him entry to Heaven . Infuriated at losing John Constantine s soul , Lucifer painfully resurrects him and removes his cancer , claiming that John will eventually prove he belongs in Hell . Freed from Mammon s possession , Angela departs with John , leaving behind the now human Gabriel . Some time later , John gifts the Spear to Angela , asking her to hide it somewhere not even he can find it . As she leaves , instead of producing a cigarette , he starts to chew on some nicotine gum . In a post-credits scene , John visits Chas ' grave . Chas appears before him as an angel and flies upward to the sky .