In suburban Chicago , high school senior Ferris Bueller fakes sickness to stay home . Ferris frequently breaks the fourth wall , giving the audience advice on how to skip school , and to narrate about his friends . His younger sister Jeannie is less-convinced , but goes to school anyway . Dean of Discipline Edward Rooney notes and suspects Ferris is being truant again and commits to catching him . However , Ferris uses a computer to alter the school s records to indicate his absences from 9 to 2 . Ferris convinces his friend Cameron Frye , who is also absent , to report that his girlfriend Sloane Peterson s grandmother has died . Rooney doubts this , but they succeed as planned . Borrowing Cameron s father s prized 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California Spyder against Cameron s instinct , Ferris , Cameron , and Sloane drive into Chicago to sightsee . Leaving the car with two parking attendants , who promptly joyride it unknowingly to them , the trio visit the Art Institute of Chicago , Sears Tower , Chicago Mercantile Exchange , and Wrigley Field . They then go to a French restaurant for lunch where Ferris poses as the Sausage King of Chicago , Abe Froman , while narrowly avoiding his father , who is eating lunch at the restaurant . Meanwhile , after humiliatingly failing to find Ferris , Rooney visits the Bueller residence and fails to enter , being attacked by the family rotweiller as his car is towed . Jeannie , skipping class , returns home and discovers her brother s ruse , but encounters Rooney snooping . She kicks him and calls the police , who arrest her for false reporting after Rooney leaves . While at the station , Jeannie meets a juvenile delinquent , who advises her not to worry so much about Ferris . After a cab ride where Cameron exclaims disinterest , Ferris impromptu joins a parade float during the Von Steuben Day parade and lip-syncs Wayne Newton s cover of Danke Schoen , as well as a rendition of The Beatles ' Twist and Shout that gets the entire crowd dancing . Just as things shine bright , they retrieve the car and notice that , due to the attendants ' joyride , over 100 miles have been added . The revelation shocks Cameron into a state of self-analysis , realizing his life is controlled by his father s figure . After coming sane again , they return the car to Cameron s garage and unsuccessfully try to run it backwards to remove the miles ; Ferris suggests that they crack it open and turn it back manually . Cameron refuses and vents anger towards his father , kicking , severely denting , and leaning on the car , which falls off the jack and flies out the back , crashing into a ravine behind . Despite Ferris ' insistence , Cameron decides to take a stand against his father after destroying the car . At the police station , Mrs. Bueller picks up Jeannie , whom she finds kissing the delinquent . Ferris returns Sloane home , but realizes he only has a limited time to return home to avoid trouble . He rushes back to the house , but is spotted by Jeannie driving their mother home , and tries to run him down . Ferris avoids being noticed by Mrs. and Mr. Bueller , who is coming from another direction . They make it home at the same time , but Rooney catches Ferris trying to enter the back door and rhetorically asks if he would like to spend another year under supervision . However , Jeannie discovers his wallet on the kitchen floor as proof he broke in , and she has a change of heart , letting Ferris in and telling Rooney he was hospitalized – indicating awareness of the break-in . She slams the door , and their dog attacks Rooney again . Ferris leaps into his bed at the last second , assuring his parents do n't suspect a thing . As they leave , Ferris reminds the audience , Life moves pretty fast . If you do n't stop and look around once in a while , you could miss it . Ferris then smiles at the camera before fading to black . As the credits roll , the defeated Rooney heads home and is picked up by a school bus , further humiliated by the students , one offering him a gummy bear . In a post-credits scene , Ferris emerges from his room and bids everyone that It s over , and to go home .