On August 12 , 2011 , large masses thought to be meteors land in the oceans near several major coastal cities . The objects are discovered to be spacecraft containing hostile extraterrestrial life . Marines from Camp Pendleton arrive in Los Angeles , including SSgt . Michael Nantz ( Eckhart ) , an Iraq War veteran . Nantz was to begin retirement , but because of the attack , he is made the acting platoon sergeant for 1st Platoon , Echo Company , of the 2nd Battalion 5th Marines . Under the command of 2ndLt William Martinez ( RodrĂ­guez ) , the platoon arrives at Santa Monica Airport , now a Forward Operating Base . The alien ground forces have no apparent air support , so the Air Force prepares to carpet bomb the Santa Monica area , and the platoon is tasked with rescuing civilians from an LAPD police station in West Los Angeles before the bombing . As they advance through the city , they are ambushed and suffer multiple casualties , namely Grayston , Guerrero and Lenihan in the firefight . Nantz takes Imlay and Harris to look for Lenihan , who is missing from the group after having been wounded . After fighting off a hostile alien , they manage to regroup and team up with a group of Army National Guard soldiers from the 40th Infantry Division , and an Air Force intelligence TSgt , Elena Santos ( Michelle Rodriguez ) . At the police station , the platoon finds five civilians : veterinarian Michele ( Moynahan ) , children Hector Rincon ( Cass ) , Kirsten ( King ) Amy ( Gould ) , and Hector s father Joe ( PeĂąa ) . A helicopter arrives to evacuate the wounded Marines , but can not rescue the civilians due to weight restrictions . As the helicopter takes off , it is destroyed by alien air forces , killing Grayston , Guerrero , Lenihan and Simmons . The Marines commandeer a city bus for evacuation . They also vivisect a wounded alien with the help of Santos and find a vulnerable spot in its torso , as well as learning that the alien aircraft are drones that track down humans through radio transmissions . Santos reveals that her original mission was to locate the aliens ' central command center , believing that its destruction would deactivate the drones . On the I-10 freeway , the bus comes under attack . Because the off-ramp is destroyed , the Marines are forced to rappel the civilians off the freeway . Marines Stavrou ( Pesi ) and Mottola ( Liao ) and the National Guard soldiers are killed , while Joe and Lieutenant Martinez are wounded . Martinez detonates explosives inside the bus , killing himself and the aliens , leaving Nantz in command . The surviving Marines Nantz , Santos , Imlay , Kerns , Lockett , Harris , Adukwu and the civilians escape the bombing zone . A news report speculates that the aliens are seeking Earth s water for fuel while attempting to colonize the planet and eradicate humans . The team prepares for the bombing , but nothing happens . Returning to the FOB , the Marines find that it is destroyed and the military is retreating from Los Angeles . The Marines plan to escort the civilians to an alternate extraction point . Joe dies from his wounds and Lockett confronts Nantz over his brother , Cpl Dwayne G. Lockett and the others who were killed in Nantz s last tour . They come to peace when Nantz explains that he thinks of them every day , and recites each person s name , rank and serial number . Nantz then says that the surviving Marines should move forward united to honor their fallen comrades , including Joe . They successfully reach the extraction point and evacuate through a helicopter . In mid-air , the chopper experiences a brief loss of power . Nantz theorizes that they are hovering over a location occupied by the alien command center as it relays radio energy to its drones . He decides to recon the area alone , but his team insists on accompanying him . Searching underground , the Marines confirm the presence of a large alien vessel . Kerns radios in to request for missiles , which Nantz manually directs using a laser designator while the others defend his position . Despite Kerns being killed when a Drone spots his signals , the Marines succeed in routing a missile to the command module , which is destroyed . The alien ground forces retreat as their uncontrolled drones crash , just as reinforcements for the Marines arrive . At a Temporary Operating Base in the Mojave Desert , Nantz , Imlay , Lockett , Harris , and Adukwu , the six survivors of the original platoon along with Santos , are greeted as heroes . Despite orders to rest , they re- arm themselves and join the rest of the Marines in retaking Los Angeles as other countries wage similar military operations against the hostile species .