A criminologist narrates the tale of the newly engaged couple Brad Majors and Janet Weiss who find themselves lost and with a flat tire on a cold and rainy late November evening , somewhere near Denton , Ohio . Seeking a telephone , the couple walk to a nearby castle where they discover a group of strange and outlandish people who are holding an Annual Transylvanian Convention . They are soon swept into the world of Dr. Frank N. Furter , a self-proclaimed sweet transvestite from Transsexual , Transylvania . The ensemble of convention attendees also includes servants Riff Raff , his sister Magenta , and a groupie named Columbia . In his lab , Frank claims to have discovered the secret to life itself . His creation , Rocky , is brought to life . The ensuing celebration is soon interrupted by Eddie ( an ex-delivery boy , both Frank and Columbia s ex-lover , as well as partial brain donor to Rocky ) who rides out of a deep freeze on a motorcycle . In a jealous rage , Frank corners him and kills him with an ice axe . He then departs with Rocky to a bridal suite . Brad and Janet are shown to separate bedrooms where each is visited and seduced by Frank , who poses as Brad ( when visiting Janet ) and then as Janet ( when visiting Brad ) . Janet , upset and emotional , wanders off to look for Brad , who she discovers , via a television monitor , is in bed with Frank . She then discovers Rocky , cowering in his birth tank , hiding from Riff Raff , who has been tormenting him . While tending to his wounds , Janet becomes intimate with Rocky , as Magenta and Columbia watch from their bedroom monitor . After discovering that his creation is missing , Frank returns to the lab with Brad and Riff Raff , where Frank learns that an intruder has entered the building . Brad and Janet s old high school science teacher , Dr. Everett Scott , has come looking for his nephew , Eddie . Frank suspects that Dr. Scott investigates UFOs for the government . Upon learning of Brad and Janet s connection to Dr. Scott , Frank suspects them of working for him . Frank , Dr. Scott , Brad , and Riff Raff then discover Janet and Rocky together under the sheets in Rocky s birth tank , upsetting Frank and Brad . Magenta interrupts the reunion by sounding a massive gong and stating that dinner is prepared . Rocky and the guests share an uncomfortable dinner , which they soon realize has been prepared from Eddie s mutilated remains . Janet runs screaming into Rocky s arms and is slapped and chased through the halls of the castle by a jealous Frank . Janet , Brad , Dr. Scott , Rocky , and Columbia all meet in Frank s lab , where Frank captures them with the Medusa Transducer , transforming them into nude statues . After dressing them in cabaret costume , Frank unfreezes them , from which they spontaneously perform a live cabaret floor show with Frank as the leader . Riff Raff and Magenta interrupt the performance , revealing themselves and Frank to be aliens from the planet Transsexual in the galaxy of Transylvania . They stage a coup and announce a plan to return to their homeworld . In the process , they kill Columbia , Rocky , and Frank , who has failed his mission . They release Brad , Janet , and Dr. Scott , then depart by lifting off in the castle itself . The survivors are then left crawling in the dirt , and the narrator concludes that the human race is equivalent to insects crawling on the planet s surface .