The film is presented in flashbacks by a Briton named Wilson ( Stamp ) . Wilson travels to Los Angeles to investigate the death of his daughter , Jenny . She reportedly had died in a car accident , but Wilson suspects she was murdered . Recently released from a British prison , he is a hardened man . Arriving in Los Angeles , he meets Jenny s friends Eduardo ( Guzmรกn ) and Elaine ( Warren ) and questions them . Finding they pass his initial inquiry , he elicits their help in investigating Jenny s death . One suspect that emerges is Jenny s boyfriend , a record producer named Terry Valentine ( Fonda ) . Investigating him it is learned that besides his legitimate record company business , Valentine has involvement in drug trafficking . His involvement is managed through his security consultant , Avery ( Newman ) . Wilson locates a warehouse used by the drug trafficker , and questions the men there . Laughing at him , they beat him , insult his daughter and throw him out onto the street . Undeterred , Wilson draws a hidden pistol and returns to the warehouse , shooting dead all but one of the employees . As the survivor flees , Wilson shouts after him Tell him ... I m coming ! Back with Elaine and Eduardo , Wilson reminisces about his earlier life with his daughter , whom he remembers only as a child . Worried her father would be sent away to prison , she would threaten to call the police whenever she found evidence of the crimes he had been involved in . He recalls she never followed through on her threats , because she loved him and it became a sad joke between them . However , his life of crime put a strain on his family . He ended up in prison after the men he was involved with sold him out to the police . Seeking more information from Valentine , Wilson and Eduardo sneak into a party held at Valentine s house . Once there Wilson searches for evidence of Valentines involvement . He finds and steals a picture of Jenny . Attracting suspicion from Avery , Wilson is accosted by a guard whom he swiftly head-butts and throws over a railing to his death . Wilson and Eduardo then flee , but are chased by Avery , who rams their car . Wilson rams Avery s car in return , forcing it over a cliff . He and Eduardo escape , but not before Avery hears Eduardo call out Wilson s name . Avery hires a hit-man , Stacy ( Katt ) , to track down and kill Wilson and Elaine . Avery is prevented from making the hit by agents of the DEA , who have been monitoring Valentine as part of their investigation of a Mexican drug lord . Wilson and Elaine are taken to meet a DEA investigator . The meeting makes it clear the DEA is after the drug lord who used Valentine to launder money , and the agents will not interfere with Wilson s personal mission . The head agent lets Wilson see their file on Valentine , including his home addresses . Meanwhile , Stacy and his partner , angry at their beating by the DEA agents , plot to double cross Avery and Valentine . Avery moves Valentine to a safe house in Big Sur , but Wilson knows its address . That night the grounds are penetrated . Avery s guards shoot an intruder , but it turns out the man killed is Stacy . Avery and the guards then engage in a shootout with Stacy s partner , resulting in several deaths . Valentine flees to the beach , but Wilson is still in pursuit . Falling on rocks and breaking his ankle , Valentine can not escape . Wilson walks up as Valentine begs for his life , admitting his involvement in what happened . He says Jenny had found out about his drug ties . Confronting him about it she picked up the telephone and threatened to call the police . During his desperate attempt to stop her , she fell and accidentally broke her neck . To deflect attention from Valentine over her death , Avery then staged a car accident as the cause . Haunted by the tale , Wilson knows his own involvement in crime led Jenny to act as she did , repeating the same half-serious bluff they had shared so many times . She would never have turned Valentine in , either . He turns away from Valentine , allowing him to live . Wilson makes his farewells to Elaine and Eduardo , and returns to London .