Dave , Mike , Cyril , and Moocher are working-class friends living in the college town of Bloomington , Indiana . Now turning 19 , they all graduated from high school the year before and are not sure what to do with their lives . They spend much of their time together swimming in an old abandoned water-filled quarry , but also often clash with the more affluent Indiana University students in their hometown , who habitually refer to them as cutters , a derogatory term for locals stemming from the local Indiana Limestone industry and the stonecutters who worked the quarries . Dave is obsessed with competitive bicycle racing , and Italian racers in particular , because he recently won a Masi bicycle . His down-to-earth father Ray , a former stonecutter who now operates his own used car business ( sometimes unethically ) , is puzzled and exasperated by his son s love of Italian music and culture , which Dave associates with cycling . However , his mother Evelyn is more understanding . Dave develops a crush on a university student named Katherine and masquerades as an Italian exchange student in order to romance her . One evening , he serenades Katerina outside her sorority house ( Friedrich von Flotow s aria M ' ApparĂŹ Tutt ' Amor ) , with Cyril providing guitar accompaniment . When her boyfriend Rod finds out , he and some of his fraternity brothers beat Cyril up , mistaking him for Dave . Though Cyril wants no trouble , Mike insists on tracking down Rod and starting a brawl . The university president ( real-life then President Dr. John W. Ryan ) reprimands the students for their arrogance toward the cutters and , over their objections , invites the latter to participate in the annual Indiana University Little 500 race . When a professional Italian cycling team comes to town for a race , Dave is thrilled to be competing with them . However , the Italians become irked when Dave is able to keep up with them . One of them jams a tire pump in Dave s wheel , causing him to crash , which leaves him disillusioned and depressed . He subsequently confesses his deception to Katherine , who tearfully slaps him before storming off . Dave s friends persuade him to join them in forming a cycling team for the Little 500 . Dave s parents provide T-shirts with the name Cutters on them . Ray privately tells his son how , when he was a young stonecutter , he was proud to help provide the material to construct the university , yet he never felt comfortable on campus . Later , Dave runs into Katherine , who s going to be leaving for a job in Chicago ; they patch things up , and she wishes him luck in the race . Dave is so much better than the other competitors in the Little 500 that while the college teams switch cyclists every few laps , he rides without a break and builds up a sizable lead . However , he is injured in a crash and has to stop . After some hesitation , Moocher , Cyril , and Mike take turns pedaling , but soon the Cutters ' lead vanishes . Finally Dave has them tape his feet to the pedals and starts to make up lost ground ; he overtakes Rod , the current rider for the favored fraternity team , on the last lap and wins for the jubilant Cutters . Ray is proud of his son s accomplishment and takes to riding a bicycle himself . Dave later enrolls at the university himself , where he meets a pretty French student . Soon , he is extolling to her the virtues of the Tour de France and French cyclists .