Heroin addict Mark Renton and his circle of friends are introduced : amoral con artist Simon Sick Boy Williamson ( also an addict ) , simple-minded , friendly Daniel Spud Murphy ( another addict ) , clean-cut athlete Tommy MacKenzie , and psychopath Francis Franco Begbie , who picks fights with people who get in his way . Renton decides to quit heroin and buys opium rectal suppositories from dealer Mikey Forrester to ease the transition . After his final hit ( and a violent spell of diarrhea caused by cessation of heroin ) he locks himself into a cheap hotel room to endure withdrawal . He later goes with his friends to a club , finding that his sex drive has returned , he eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane , and they have sex in her home . In the morning , he realises that Diane is a 15-year-old schoolgirl and that her flatmates are actually her parents . Anxious , Renton tries to ignore the incident , but is forced to remain in touch after Diane blackmails him . Spud , Sick Boy , and Renton start using heroin again . Tommy , whose girlfriend dumped him after a chain of events initiated by Renton , begins using as well . One day the group s heroin-induced stupor is abruptly interrupted when Allison , their friend and fellow addict , discovers that her infant daughter Dawn has died from neglect without any of the group noticing . All are horrified , especially Sick Boy , who is implied to have secretly been Dawn s father . Renton and Spud are caught stealing from a bookshop and arrested . Spud goes to prison , but Renton avoids punishment by entering a Drug Interventions Programme , where he is given methadone . Despite support from his family , Renton is desperate for a more substantial high and escapes to his drug dealer s flat , where he nearly dies of an overdose , and his dealer sends him to hospital in a taxicab . After he leaves the hospital Renton s parents take him home and lock him in his old bedroom to force him through withdrawal . As Renton goes through severe withdrawal symptoms , he has nightmares of Diane singing on the bed , his friends giving him advice , Allison s dead baby crawling on the ceiling , and an imagined TV game show in which host Dale Winton asks Renton s parents questions about HIV . Renton is finally roused from his nightmares and hallucinations by his parents , who tell him he needs to get tested . Despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts , Renton tests negative . Low-spirited and depressed , he visits Tommy , who has succumbed to addiction and is now severely ill and HIV-positive . Renton moves to London and takes a job as a property letting agent . He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety and saves up money on the side while corresponding with Diane . However , Begbie , who has committed an armed robbery , and Sick Boy , now a pimp and drug dealer , move into Renton s bedsit unannounced , to Renton s annoyance . In Edinburgh , Tommy dies from HIV-related toxoplasmosis and the three travel back to Scotland for his funeral . They meet Spud , who has been released from prison . Sick Boy suggests a lucrative but dangerous heroin transaction , but needs Renton to supply half of the initial ÂŁ4,000 . Renton injects himself with a sample to test the heroin s purity . The four sell the heroin to a dealer for ÂŁ16,000 . During their celebration at a pub , Renton secretly suggests to Spud that they steal the money , but Spud is too scared of Begbie to even consider it . Renton is finally fed up with Begbie after witnessing him glass and then severely beat a man who he bumped into , causing beer to be spilt on him . Early in the morning as the others sleep , Renton quietly takes the money from sleeping Begbie s arms . Spud wakes up just as Renton is leaving the hotel room . The pair stare at each other for a few moments until Renton walks out , Spud remains silent and does not tell the others . When Begbie awakens , he destroys the hotel room in a violent rage , the police arrive causing Spud and Sick Boy to flee . Renton reiterates his vow to live a stable , traditional life and leaves Spud ÂŁ2,000 .