In 1799 , New York City police constable Ichabod Crane ( Johnny Depp ) is facing imprisonment for going against traditional methods . Ichabod submits to deployment to the Westchester County hamlet of Sleepy Hollow , New York , which has been plagued by a series of brutal slayings in which the victims are found decapitated : Peter Van Garrett ( Martin Landau ) , a wealthy farmer ; his son Dirk ; and the widow Emily Winship . Crane is informed that the killer is an undead headless Hessian mercenary from the American Revolutionary War who rides on a black steed in search of his missing head . Crane begins his investigation , remaining skeptical about the supernatural elements until he actually encounters the Headless Horseman , who kills the town magistrate , Samuel Phillipse ( Richard Griffiths ) . Boarding at the home of the town s richest family , the Van Tassels , Crane is taken with their daughter Katrina ( Christina Ricci ) . Crane and Young Masbath , the son of one of the Horseman s victims , go to the cave dwelling of a reclusive sorceress . She reveals the location of the Tree of the Dead , which marks the Horseman s grave , as well as his portal into the natural world . Crane discovers that the ground is freshly disturbed and the Horseman s skeleton has the skull missing . He realizes that whoever dug up and stole the skull is the person controlling the Horseman . The Killian family are taken by the Horseman and Katrina s suitor Brom van Brunt ( Casper Van Dien ) is killed trying to stop the Horseman . Crane starts to believe that a conspiracy links all the deaths together , so he looks into Van Garrett s Last Will . Van Garrett had made a new will just before he died , leaving all his possessions to his new bride , Emily Winship . Crane deduces that all who knew about the new will were the victims of Horseman and that Katrina s father Baltus Van Tassel ( Michael Gambon ) , who would have inherited the fortune , is the person holding the skull . Katrina , finding out that Crane suspects her father , burns the evidence that Crane has accumulated . A council is held in the church . The Horseman seemingly kills Katrina s stepmother , Lady Van Tassel , and heads off to the church to get Baltus . Crane realizes the Horseman ca n't enter the church due to it being holy . A fight breaks out in the church and the chaos ends only when the Horseman harpoons Baltus through a window , dragging him out and acquiring his head . The next day , Crane believes Katrina to be the one who controls the Headless Horsemen . Crane becomes suspicious when the corpse of Lady Van Tassel has a wound that seems to have been caused post-mortem . The real Lady Van Tassel ( Miranda Richardson ) then emerges , alive . Lady Van Tassel tells Katrina that her family was driven from their ancestral home by the Van Garretts , and that she became a witch and summoned the Horseman to kill them off and make herself sole heir to the family fortune . She then sends the killer after Katrina to solidify her hold on what she considers her rightful property . Following a fight and a stagecoach chase , Crane eventually thwarts Lady Van Tassel by throwing the skull to the Horseman , which causes his head to become reattached to his body and the curse broken . The Horseman , no longer under Lady Van Tassel s control , simultaneously kisses and bites her , and hoists her up on his horse . He then rides to Hell , taking her with him , fulfilling her end of the deal with the Devil . Crane returns home to New York with Katrina and Young Masbath , just in time for the new century .