Allison Allie Jones ( Bridget Fonda ) is a software designer in New York City , engaged to Sam Rawson ( Steven Weber ) . In the middle of the night , Sam s ex-wife calls , and it is revealed that he slept with her recently . A hurt and angry Allie throws Sam out , breaking off their engagement , and is comforted by neighbor Graham Knox ( Peter Friedman ) , an aspiring actor . The next morning she attends a business lunch with Mitchell Myerson ( Stephen Tobolowsky ) , a fashion house owner who is looking to buy Allie s revolutionary new program . He manipulates her into significantly reducing the cost , on the basis that his recommendations within the industry will be her future business . As he is her first and only client , she accepts . Allie advertises for a new roommate to share her apartment in the Ansonia . She eventually settles on Hedra Carlson ( Jennifer Jason Leigh ) , whom she nicknames Hedy , and they become friends . Hedy tells of how she was supposed to be a twin but her twin was stillborn , leaving her with a constant feeling of loneliness . After a few weeks , however , Hedy becomes overly protective of Allie by erasing Sam s voice-mail asking Allie for a reconciliation . Later she buys a puppy that she names Buddy to bond with Allie . Hedy soon becomes jealous and upset when Sam is able to win Allie back . Allie and Sam seek a new apartment for themselves . On their way back to Allie and Hedy s apartment , Allie is horrified to see that Buddy has fallen to his death from the balcony . Angry and upset , she accuses Hedy of leaving the window open resulting in the puppy s death . However that night while comforting a distraught Hedy , Sam tells her that if anyone s to blame , it s my fault . Myerson attempts to rape Allie on completion of their deal , insinuating that if she does not submit to him , he will warn off future clients and not pay her . She fights back and escapes . To help Allie feel better , Hedy takes her to the salon for a haircut . When Allie is done , Hedy appears on the stairs dressed exactly like her including her haircut , which unnerves Allie . Later that night , Allie follows Hedy to an underground nightclub and witnesses Hedy passing herself off as Allie . Later while Hedy is taking a shower , Allie finds a shoebox containing letters addressed to Ellen Besch ( Hedy s real name ) as well as Sam s letter and a newspaper clipping on the accidental drowning of Hedy s twin sister when she was nine . That night while Allie tells Graham the truth about Hedy , they are unaware that Hedy is listening back in their apartment . When Allie leaves , Hedy goes up to the apartment and attacks Graham . When Sam returns the following night , Hedy again impersonates Allie and performs oral sex on him . After the act , Hedy begs Sam to leave Allie alone , but Sam refuses and insists on telling Allie the truth . Furious , Hedy kills him , gouging his eye with her stiletto heel . The next day Hedy tells Allie she is about to leave . Later Allie sees a news report on Sam s death , realizes what has happened and tries to leave . Hedy takes Allie hostage at gunpoint . She states that everyone will assume Allie killed Sam since both Hedy and Allie resemble each other . In order to protect Allie , Hedy convinces her that they must run away . When Hedy leaves , Allie attempts to send a distress message , but Hedy catches her and angrily confronts her . Myerson in the meantime notices his files being erased and rushes off to find Allie . He finds her tied up on the floor , but is attacked and killed by Hedy . Hedy attempts to persuade Allie to commit suicide , but Allie instead smashes the water glass in Hedy s face . The women struggle for the gun which Hedy points at Allie as she tries to run , begging Allie not to leave her . Allie coldly tells her , I m not like your sister , Hedy . Not anymore . I m like you now . Graham regains consciousness and tries to assist Allie but the enraged Hedy refuses to give up . Allie drags Hedy off her friend , flees and is shot in the shoulder by Hedy . A chase ensues from Graham s apartment to the elevator where Hedy chokes Allie unconscious and drags her towards the furnace . When Hedy finds Allie missing , she grabs a hook from a closet and screams for Allie to come out . Lured into thinking Allie is hiding in another closet , Hedy lashes out at a mirror inside . She is then stabbed in the back by Allie and they struggle briefly before Allie strikes one last blow . She then watches in horror and sadness as Hedy dies . In an epilogue , Allie narrates that she has finally moved on . She forgives Hedy for killing Sam , and keeps trying to forgive herself for Hedy . She states that Hedy s survivor s guilt was her downfall . Allie states that she knows what happens to those people . The final shot is a photo of her and Hedy s faces superimposed as one .