Cannibalistic zombies have overrun the entire world . The remaining fragments of the U.S. government and military hide out in fortified military bases and colonies , attempting to find a solution to the zombie pandemic . Sarah , Private Miguel Salazar , radio operator William Bill McDermott , and helicopter pilot John fly from their base to Fort Myers , Florida , in an attempt to locate additional survivors . They encounter a large horde of the undead , and return to their army base in the Everglades , where a small group of scientists , supported by a skeleton crew of soldiers , is searching for a way to stop or reverse the re-animation process . Dr. Logan , the lead scientist – also known as Frankenstein due to his grisly surgical dissections of zombies – believes that the zombies can be trained to become docile , and accordingly has amassed a collection of test subjects , which are kept in a large underground corral in the compound , in spite of the objections of base-commander Captain Henry Rhodes . The tension between soldiers and scientists worsens in the face of dwindling supplies , loss of communication with other survivors , and slow progress in research . During a meeting between the scientists and the soldiers , Rhodes announces that he is taking command of the base , that the scientists henceforth will work under his orders , and that anyone who objects will be instantly killed . Dr. Logan hopes to secure Rhodes ' cooperation by showing him the results of his research . He is especially proud of Bub , a docile zombie who remembers some parts of his past life and engages in rudimentary human behavior : listening to music , aiming a pistol , and saluting Captain Rhodes . Civil behavior must be rewarded , Logan says . If it s not rewarded , there s no use for it . There s just no use for it at all ! Rhodes is not impressed . During a zombie roundup mission , two of the soldiers , Miller and Johnson , are killed after a zombie escapes its harness ; whereupon Miguel attempts to kill the creature , but is bitten on the arm . Sarah amputates the arm and cauterizes it to stop the spreading infection . Rhodes then calls off the experiments and demands that all captive zombies be destroyed . Sarah and Bill later discover a crude form of Dr. Logan s experimentation involving the bodies of Miller and Johnson and an audio tape in which a crazed Logan talks to his Father and Mother ; horrified , both Sarah and Bill plan to leave in the helicopter immediately before someone else does . Conditions worsen when Rhodes finds out that Logan has been feeding the flesh of his dead soldiers to Bub as a reward for his docility and positive behavior . Enraged , Rhodes kills Logan and his assistant Dr. Fisher . He then locks Sarah and Bill inside the zombie corral and then attempts to force John to fly him and his men away from the base , which John refuses to do . Bub manages to escape from his chain and finds Dr. Logan s corpse . In a display of human emotion , he expresses sadness and then becomes enraged . He finds a pistol discarded on the floor and goes in search of revenge . Meanwhile , Miguel , who has become suicidal , opens the gates to the compound , allowing the horde of zombies lurking outside to enter onto the elevator , devouring him . While Miguel is doing this , John overcomes his captors , knocking both Rhodes and Torrez out before stealing their weapons and going into the zombie corral to rescue Sarah and Bill . The zombies rapidly enter the complex ; Pvt Rickles and Pvt Torrez are torn apart by the horde . Pvt Steele attempts to shoot Bub through a covered window , but gets bitten by another zombie and chooses to kill himself . Rhodes attempts to escape , but is shot and wounded by Bub and violently torn to pieces by a crowd of zombies . John reunites with Sarah and McDermott inside the zombie corral . They escape together to the surface , board the helicopter , and fly to a deserted island with no dead people or zombies on it . The film ends with Sarah crossing off a day on her calendar which counts the days since their escape from the compound .