A prophecy states that a female child with a special birthmark will herald the downfall of the evil sorceress Queen Bavmorda . Bavmorda imprisons all pregnant women in her realm to prevent fulfilment of the prophecy . When the prophesied child is born , the mother begs the midwife to take her to safety . The midwife reluctantly accepts and leaves Nockmaar castle unnoticed . The mother is executed and the midwife is eventually found . Knowing she can not escape , she sets the baby on a makeshift raft of grass and sends her down the river hoping for fate to run its course . The midwife is then killed by Nockmaar hounds . Bavmorda sends her daughter Sorsha and General Kael to find the baby . The baby drifts downriver to a Nelwyn village . She comes into the care of Willow Ufgood , a kind farmer and conjurer who hopes to become a sorcerer ; his wife Kiaya and his children fall in love with the baby immediately , and Willow too soon grows to love her as one of his own . During a town festival the village is attacked by a Nockmaar hound which is quickly killed by the village warriors . The High Aldwin , the village sorcerer , learns about the baby and selects Willow , due to his devotion to the child , to accompany a party of volunteers returning the baby to the Daikini ( human ) people . At a crossroads , they find a human warrior named Madmartigan trapped in a crow s cage . The rest of the party want to give the baby to Madmartigan and go home immediately , but Willow and his friend Meegosh refuse , so the others leave . After spending the night at the crossroads , and meeting an army led by Airk Thaughbaer , an old friend of Madmartigan s , marching against Bavmorda , Willow reluctantly decides to free Madmartigan so that he can take care of the baby for them . Later on , the baby is stolen by a group of brownies . While chasing them , Willow and Meegosh are trapped , but rescued by Cherlindrea , a Fairy Queen , who identifies the baby as Elora Danan , the future princess of Tir Asleen and Bavmorda s bane , and assigns Willow the task of helping the baby fulfil her destiny . Willow sends Meegosh home , and two of the brownies , Franjean and Rool , are instructed to guide Willow to the sorceress Fin Raziel . The three of them later encounter Madmartigan at a tavern , where he is disguised as a woman to hide from Lug , a cuckolded husband , who then flirts with the disguised Madmartigan . Sorsha arrives and reveals his identity , and in the ensuing brawl started by the furious Lug upon realisation that Madmartigan is not a woman , Willow , Madmartigan and the brownies escape . Madmartigan guides them to a lake where Raziel lives , but departs again as they cross it . Raziel has been transformed into a possum by Bavmorda , and Willow and his party return with her to shore . They are captured by Sorsha , who already has Madmartigan in custody , and are taken to a snowbound mountain camp of the Nockmaar army . Willow tries to restore Raziel , but turns her into a rook instead . Madmartigan is dosed with love dust by the brownies and declares his undying love for Sorsha . The prisoners escape and reach a village at the foot of a mountain , where they again encounter Airk and the remains of his army , recently defeated by Bavmorda s forces . Madmartigan proclaims his loyalty to the Nelwyn and promises to protect Willow and Elora . With Sorsha as their temporary hostage , they escape to the castle of Tir Asleen , but discover that its inhabitants have all been frozen by Bavmorda and the castle is overrun by trolls . The castle is surrounded by Kael s army . During Kael s assault on the castle , Sorsha realizes she also loves Madmartigan and decides to join him and Willow in opposing her mother s army . Willow accidentally turns a troll into a massive , fire-breathing , two-headed monster that turns the tide of the battle , and Airk arrives with his army to assist . However , Kael captures Elora and returns to Nockmaar , where he reports Sorsha s betrayal to Bavmorda . Airk s army , Willow , and the others arrive at Nockmaar to lay siege , but Bavmorda turns the soldiers into pigs . Instructed by Raziel , Willow protects himself with a spell and avoids transformation . He succeeds in turning Raziel into a human again , and she restores the others to their original forms . Willow s group tricks their way into the castle and start a battle . Airk is killed by Kael , who is in turn slain by Madmartigan after a lengthy sword duel . Sorsha leads Willow and Raziel to the ritual chamber where they interrupt Elora s sacrifice . Bavmorda and Raziel have a magical duel , during the course of which Raziel is incapacitated . Willow uses a disappearing pig trick he had performed as a conjurer to fool Bavmorda into thinking that Elora was sent out of her reach . Lunging at Willow , Bavmorda accidentally triggers the ritual s final part to send Elora s soul to oblivion and banishes her own soul instead . Willow is rewarded with a magic book to aid him in becoming a sorcerer , and Sorsha and Madmartigan remain in Tir Asleen to raise Elora together . Willow returns home to a hero s welcome and is happily reunited with his family .