Chicago architect Sam Baldwin loses his wife Maggie to cancer . He and his eight-year-old son Jonah start anew in Seattle , Washington , but Sam continues to grieve . A year and a half later , on Christmas Eve 1992 , Jonah—who wants his father to find a new wife—calls in to a radio talk show . Jonah persuades a reluctant Sam to go on the air to talk about how much he misses Maggie . Hundreds of women from around the country who hear the program and are touched by the story write to Sam . One of the listeners is Annie Reed , a Baltimore Sun reporter . She is engaged to amiable , suitable Walter but feels there is something missing from their cordial relationship , feeling no magic . After watching the film An Affair to Remember , Annie impulsively writes a letter suggesting that Sam meet her on top of the Empire State Building on Valentine s Day . She does not intend to mail it , but her friend and editor Becky does it for her and agrees to send Annie to Seattle to look into doing a story on those radio shows . Sam begins dating a co-worker Victoria , whom Jonah dislikes . Jonah , a baseball fan , reads Annie s letter and likes that it mentions the Baltimore Orioles , but he fails to convince his father to go to New York to meet Annie . On the advice of his playmate Jessica , Jonah replies to Annie , agreeing to the New York meeting . While dropping Victoria off at the airport for a flight , Sam sees Annie exiting from her plane and is mesmerized by her , although he has no idea who she is . Annie later secretly watches Sam and Jonah playing on the beach together but mistakes Sam s sister for his girlfriend . He recognizes her from the airport and says Hello , but Annie can only respond with another Hello before fleeing . She decides she is being foolish and goes to New York to meet Walter for Valentine s Day . With Jessica s help , Jonah flies to New York without Sam s permission and goes to the Empire State Building searching for Annie . Distraught , Sam follows Jonah and finds him on the observation deck . Meanwhile , Annie sees the skyscraper from the Rainbow Room where she is dining with Walter and confesses her doubts to him , amicably ending their engagement . She rushes to the Empire State Building but is told that the observation deck is closed before the guard lets her go . She arrives at the top just moments after the doors to the down elevator close with Sam and Jonah inside . In spite of the observation deck being deserted , Annie discovers a backpack that Jonah left behind . As she pulls out Jonah s teddy bear from the backpack , Sam and Jonah emerge from the elevator , and the three meet for the first time . On the advice of the elevator operator , Sam indicates they should go , momentarily making it unclear what his intentions are , and offers his hand to Annie . Magic is implied , because the couple keep holding hands as the three enter the elevator together . When the elevator door closes , the last thing we see is Jonah s beaming smile as he realizes his and Jessica s plan to bring Annie and his father together has worked .