Stephen Meyers ( Ryan Gosling ) is the junior campaign manager for Mike Morris , Governor of Pennsylvania and a Democratic presidential candidate , competing against Arkansas Senator Ted Pullman in the Democratic primary . Both campaigns are attempting to secure the endorsement of North Carolina Democratic Senator Franklin Thompson ( Jeffrey Wright ) , who controls 356 convention delegates , enough to clinch the nomination for either candidate . After a debate at Miami University , Meyers is asked by Pullman s campaign manager , Tom Duffy ( Paul Giamatti ) , to meet in secret . Meyers calls his boss , senior campaign manager Paul Zara ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ) , who does n't answer . Meyers decides to meet Duffy , who offers Meyers a position in Pullman s campaign , an offer Meyers refuses . Zara calls Meyers back and asks what was important , but Meyers says it was nothing to worry about . Meanwhile , Meyers starts a sexual relationship with Molly Stearns ( Evan Rachel Wood ) , an attractive intern for Morris s campaign and daughter of Jack Stearns , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee . Meyers admits to an angry Zara that he met with Duffy , and that Duffy said his candidate will offer Thompson the position of Secretary of State , guaranteeing Pullman s victory . Zara and Meyers discuss the matter with Morris , saying they must make the same offer to Thompson to secure his endorsement and his delegates ' votes . Morris refuses on principle , as he thoroughly disagrees with Thompson and his policies , and wants a clean campaign without such deals . Late one night when Molly is sleeping , Meyers discovers that Morris is trying to call her after he picks up her phone by mistake . Meyers finds out that Molly and Morris had a brief sexual liaison at a campaign stop in Iowa several weeks previously , and Molly is now pregnant by the Governor , which will cause a scandal . Molly needs $ 900 for an abortion , but can not tell her father because their family are Catholics . Meyers helps her with money but warns her not to tell anybody . Meyers also fires Molly from the campaign to make the problem go away . Ida Horowicz ( Marisa Tomei ) , a reporter for the New York Times , reveals to Meyers that an anonymous source leaked his encounter with Duffy to her . She also knows the Morris campaign has talked to Thompson . She says she will publish the Duffy meet unless Meyers gives her all of the details about the Thompson meeting . Meyers comes to Zara for help , believing the story would damage him , Zara , and the campaign . Zara reveals that he leaked the meeting to Ida with Morris s approval in order to force Meyers into resigning from the campaign , stating that he did this because Meyers was disloyal for meeting with Duffy . Zara makes it clear that he holds no personal animosity against Meyers and values him , but can not trust him any more . An angry and desperate Meyers then offers his services to Duffy , who admits he only met with Meyers to influence his opponent s operation under the likelihood that either Meyers would leave Morris and come to work for him or Meyers would tell Zara , and Zara would fire him . Either way , Duffy would win . Duffy apologizes for using him , saying that he also wanted to help Meyers , and advises him to quit politics and the campaign before he becomes a cynic like him . Meyers offers to sell out Morris completely but Duffy declines , thinking that Meyers can not hurt him and he has Thompson wrapped up . Meyers takes her to the abortion clinic and then callously abandons her there with an unfulfilled promise to come back when it s over . Alone in a hotel room , and having been equipped with pills from the clinic , she dies from overdose . Meyers comes on the death scene and sneaks Molly s phone from the bed into his pocket . Unbeknownst to the Morris campaign , he meets with Thompson to arrange for Thompson s delegates in exchange for a spot on the Morris ticket . It is clear that Thompson prefers Morris over Pullman so all Meyers has done is get Thompson to commit if he is offered the post with Morris . Meyers meets Morris in a dark bar , telling him he will expose the affair with Molly if Morris does not accept his demands : fire Zara , place Meyers in charge of the campaign , and offer Thompson the role of Vice President . Morris coldly says that there is no proof of the affair , but Meyers claims to have a suicide note found in Molly s room . Morris relents , clearly giving up what is left of his personal integrity , and meets Meyers s demands . Zara takes his firing philosophically and is still positive with the press about Morris . Zara talks to Meyers at Molly s funeral and is amicable , letting Meyers know that he knows Meyers must have had something big on Morris to get him to fire Zara and hire him . Zara has options and states that he is taking a million dollar a year job at a consulting firm , for him basically a retirement from politics . Later , Thompson s endorsement makes Morris the de facto nominee despite losing the Democratic Party s Ohio primary election . Duffy , who put Meyers s back against the wall and who rejected Meyers s offer of dirt against Morris , is seen trying to put up a good face in what is now obviously going to be a defeat for his candidate . Now senior campaign manager , Meyers is on the way to a remote TV interview with John King , when Ida ambushes him and says her next story will be about how Meyers delivered Thompson and his delegates and got his promotion . Meyers reacts by having security bar her from coming any further . Meyers takes his seat for the interview , just as Morris finishes a speech about how integrity and dignity ' matter , and is asked for insight as to how the events surrounding the primary unfolded .