Bartleby ( Affleck ) and Loki ( Damon ) are fallen angels , banished for eternity from Heaven to Wisconsin for insubordination after an inebriated Loki ( with Bartleby s encouragement ) resigned as the Angel of Death . A newspaper article arrives by mail , in an envelope with no return address : The trendy Cardinal Glick ( Carlin ) has announced that he is rededicating his cathedral in Red Bank , New Jersey in the image of the Buddy Christ . Anyone entering the cathedral during the rededication festivities will receive a plenary indulgence ; all punishment for sin will be remitted , permitting direct entry into Heaven . They receive encouragement from an unexpected source : Azrael ( Lee ) , a demon , once a Muse , also banished from Heaven ( for refusing to take sides in the battle between God and Lucifer ) ; and the Stygian Triplets ( Barret Hackney , Jared Pfennigwerth , and Kitao Sakurai ) , three teenage hoodlums who serve Azrael in Hell . Bethany Sloane ( Fiorentino ) —a depressed , infertile , divorced abortion clinic employee—attends a service at her church in Illinois . Donations are being solicited to help a hospitalized , comatose homeless man—known only as John Doe Jersey ( Cort ) —who was beaten senseless outside a skee ball arcade in New Jersey by the Triplets . Later that day , Metatron ( Rickman ) —the Voice of God—appears to Bethany in a pillar of fire and declares that she is the last relative of Jesus Christ . He explains that Bartleby and Loki can not be allowed to succeed : By re-entering Heaven , they would be overruling the word of God , thereby disproving the fundamental concept of God s omnipotence , and nullifying all of existence . She , together with two prophets who will appear to her , must stop the angels and save the universe . Now a target , Bethany is attacked by the Triplets , and is rescued by the two foretold prophets—drug-dealing stoners named Jay and Silent Bob ( Mewes and Smith ) . Azrael then summons a Golgothan ( a vile creature made of human excrement ) to find and kill Bethany , but Silent Bob immobilizes it with aerosol deodorant . Other allies in Bethany s mission are Rufus ( Rock ) , the thirteenth apostle ( never mentioned in the Bible , he says , because he is black ) , and Serendipity ( Hayek ) , the fickle Muse of creative inspiration , now working in a strip club in search of inspiration of her own . On a train to New Jersey , a drunken Bethany reveals her mission to Bartleby , who tries to kill her ; a melee ensues , and Silent Bob throws the angels off the train . Bartleby and Loki now realize the potential consequences of their scheme ; and while Loki wants no part of destroying all existence , Bartleby remains angry at God for his expulsion—and for granting free will to humans while demanding servitude of angels—and to Loki s horror , resolves to proceed . Bethany and her allies discuss the situation : Who told the angels about Glick s plenary indulgence in the first place , and why has God not intervened ? Metatron explains that God s whereabouts are unknown ; he disappeared while visiting New Jersey in human form to play skee ball . At the cathedral , the group attempts in vain to persuade Cardinal Glick to cancel the celebration ; Jay angrily steals Glick s golf club . At a nearby bar , Azrael captures Bethany and her protectors and reveals that he sent the anonymous news clipping to the angels—he would rather not exist at all than spend eternity in Hell . Silent Bob kills Azrael with Glick s blessed golf club . Serendipity tells Bethany to bless the bar sink , turning its contents to holy water , and Jay , Rufus and Serendipity drown the Triplets in it . Bartleby and Loki reach the cathedral ; Bartleby kills all the celebrants , and when Loki attempts to stop him he tears off Loki s wings , making him mortal . When the protectors block Bartleby s entry into the church , Bartleby kills Loki and fights off Rufus , Serendipity and Bob , but as he flees , Jay shoots off his wings with a machine gun . During his latest of several attempts to seduce Bethany , Jay mentions John Doe Jersey . Realizing that the homeless man is the mortal form that God assumed , Bethany and Bob race to the hospital . Bethany disconnects John Doe s life support , liberating God , but killing herself . As Bartleby again attempts to enter the cathedral , God manifests before him as a woman ( Morissette ) , and kills him with the power of her voice . When Bob arrives with Bethany s lifeless body , God resurrects her and conceives a child within her womb . God , Metatron , Rufus , and Serendipity return to Heaven , leaving Bethany and the two prophets to reflect on what has happened .