On October 6 , 1970 , while on holiday in Istanbul , Turkey , American college student Billy Hayes straps 2 kg of hashish blocks to his chest . While attempting to board a plane back to the United States with his girlfriend , Billy is arrested by Turkish police on high alert due to fear of terrorist attacks . He is strip-searched , photographed and questioned . After a while , a shadowy American ( who is never named , but is nicknamed Tex by Billy due to his thick Texan accent ) arrives , takes Billy to a police station and translates for Billy for one of the detectives . On questioning Billy tells them that he bought the hashish from a taxicab driver , and offers to help the police track him down in exchange for his release . Billy goes with the police to a nearby market and points out the cab driver , but when they go to arrest the cabbie , it becomes apparent that the police have no intention of keeping their end of the deal with Billy . He sees an opportunity and makes a run for it , only to get cornered and recaptured by the mysterious American . During his first night in holding at a local jail , a freezing-cold Billy sneaks out of his cell and steals a blanket . Later that night he is rousted from his cell and brutally beaten by chief guard Hamidou for the blanket theft . He wakes a few days later in Sağmalcılar Prison , surrounded by fellow Western prisoners Jimmy ( an American — in for stealing two candlesticks from a mosque ) , Max ( an English heroin addict ) and Erich ( a Swede ) who help him to his feet . Jimmy tells Billy that the prison is a dangerous place for foreigners like themselves , and that no one can be trusted – not even the young children . Billy meets with his father , a U.S representative and a Turkish lawyer to discuss what will happen to him . Billy is sent to trial for his case where the angry prosecutor makes a case against him for drug smuggling . The lead judge is sympathetic to Billy and gives him only a four-year sentence for drug possession . Billy and his father are horrified at the outcome but their Turkish lawyer insists that the term is a very good result . Jimmy tries to encourage Billy to become part of an escape attempt through the prison s tunnels . Believing he is to be released soon Billy rebuffs Jimmy who goes on to attempt an escape himself being brutally beaten for this . In 1974 , Billy s sentence is overturned by the Turkish High Court in Ankara after a prosecution appeal ( the prosecutor originally wished to have him found guilty of smuggling and not the lesser charge of possession ) , and he is ordered to serve a 30-year-to-life term for his crime . Billy goes along with a prison-break Jimmy has masterminded . Billy , Jimmy , and Max try to escape through the catacombs below the prison , but their plans are revealed to the prison authorities by fellow-prisoner Rifki . His stay becomes harsh and brutal : terrifying scenes of physical and mental torture follow one another , culminating in Billy having a breakdown . He beats up and nearly kills Rifki . Following this breakdown , he is sent to the prison s ward for the insane where he wanders in a daze among the other disturbed and catatonic prisoners . He meets fellow prisoner Ahmet whilst participating in the regular inmate activity of walking in a circle around a pillar . Ahmet claims to be a philosopher from Oxford University and engages him in conversation to which Billy is unresponsive . In 1975 , Billy s girlfriend Susan comes to see him . Devastated at what has happened to Billy , she tells him that he has to escape or else he will die in there . She leaves him a scrapbook with money hidden inside as a picture of your good friend Mr. Franklin from the bank , – hoping Billy can use it to help him escape . Her visit moves Billy strongly , and he regains his senses . He says goodbye to Max , telling him not to die promising to come back for him . He bribes Hamidou into taking him to the sanitarium , where there are no guards . Instead , Hamidou takes Billy past the sanitarium to another room – and prepares to rape him . Fighting back , Billy inadvertently kills Hamidou by pushing him onto a coat hook . He seizes the opportunity to escape by putting on a guard s uniform and walking out of the front door . In the epilogue , it is explained that – on the night of October 4 , 1975 – he successfully crossed the border to Greece , and arrived home three weeks later .