The Kid is the talented but troubled frontman of his Minneapolis-based band The Revolution . To escape his difficult home life – his father is verbally and physically abusive , and his mother is emotionally abusive – he spends his days rehearsing and his nights performing at the First Avenue nightclub . First Avenue s three house band slots are held by The Revolution , the flashy Morris Day and his group The Time , and Dez Dickerson and his group The Modernaires . Morris , aware that The Revolution s guitarist Wendy and keyboardist Lisa are frustrated by the Kid s unwillingness to play their compositions , lobbies Billy Sparks , the nightclub s owner , to replace the Revolution with a girl group which Morris is already forming . He targets the Kid s girlfriend Apollonia – an aspiring singer and new arrival in Minneapolis – to lead his group , and tries to persuade her that the Kid wo n't help her because he s too focused on himself . She eventually joins Morris s group , which Morris names Apollonia 6 . When she reveals her partnership to the Kid , he becomes furious and slaps her , as his father had struck him earlier . At the club , the Kid responds to the internal band strife , the pressure to draw more crowds , and his strained private life with the uncomfortably personal Darling Nikki . His performance publicly humiliates Apollonia , who runs off in tears , and angers both Morris and Billy , worsening his situation . Billy confronts the Kid , castigating him for bringing his personal life onto the stage and warning him that he s wasting his musical talent like his father did . The debut of Apollonia 6 is a success , and Billy warns the Kid that his First Avenue slot is at risk . The Kid seizes Apollonia from a drunken Morris and the two argue ; Apollonia then abandons him . Returning home , he finds the house in tatters , with his mother nowhere to be found . When he turns on the basement light , his father – who had been lurking in the basement with a loaded handgun – shoots himself in the head . In a frenzy after a night of torment , the Kid tears apart the basement to release his anger , only to find a large box of his father s musical compositions . The next morning , the Kid picks up a cassette tape of one of Wendy and Lisa s compositions , a rhythm track named Slow Groove , and begins to compose . That night at First Avenue , all is quiet in the Revolution s dressing room until Morris stops by to taunt the Kid about his family life . Once on stage , the Kid announces that he will be playing a song the girls in the band wrote , dedicated to his father – revealed to be Purple Rain . As the emotional song ends , the Kid rushes from the stage and out the back door of the club , intending to ride away on his motorcycle . However , before he can mount his motorcycle , he realizes that the crowd is thrilled by his new song . The Kid returns to the club , to be greeted by the approval of his fellow musicians and the embrace of a teary-eyed Apollonia . The Kid returns to the stage for two encores with the Revolution , to the wild approval of the crowd ( even Morris ) ; overlaid scenes show the Kid visiting his father and mother in the hospital and sorting his father s compositions in the basement , accompanied by Apollonia . A montage of all the songs plays as the credits roll .