Former Las Vegas showgirl Rachel Phelps ( Margaret Whitton ) has inherited the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband . Phelps has received a lucrative deal to move the team to Miami , and she aims to trigger the escape clause in the team s contract with Cleveland if season attendance falls below minimum levels . To do this , she fires most of the existing players and has her new General Manager Charlie Donovan bring in new ones from a list of aging veterans and inexperienced rookies , hoping to make the worst team ever that would certainly cause attendance to decline . Phelps hires Lou Brown , a former coach from the Toledo Mud Hens to lead the team . During spring training in Tucson , Brown and veteran catcher Jake Taylor discover the new team has a number of interpersonal issues as well as their own struggles with the game , such as the prima donna nature of Roger Dorn , the only player on a long-term contract with the Indians , and the weak arm of veteran pitcher Eddie Harris who is forced to doctor his pitches to stay competitive . As the season starts , the team is unable to overcome these problems and starts on a losing streak . Their rookie pitcher , Ricky Vaughn , has an incredible fast ball but with little control , leading him to be called Wild Thing ; however , by chance , Brown discovers Vaughn has eyesight problems , and when they fit him with glasses , his pitching drastically improves , helping the Indians to a series of wins . The rest of the team rallies behind this , putting aside personal issues and coming together to bring the Indians higher in the division standings . Phelps tries to demoralize the team by taking away their luxuries such as a private jet , but the team still holds strong , and appears to have a shot at winning the division . Meanwhile , Taylor finds that his ex-girlfriend Lynn is living in Cleveland , and tries to get her to come back to him even after learning she has become engaged to a new beau . When Phelps ' original plan falls through , she decides that she will purposely void the contract , despite the financial penalty , and will move the team to Miami regardless . Donovan relays this to Brown , who informs the team that no matter how well they do , they will be fired after the season . Taylor leads the others to agree that they should do the best they can and win the division . To spur the team , Brown uses a covered cardboard standup photo of Phelps from her showgirl days , pulling off a piece of the cover for every game they win . The team succeeds in tying the division with the New York Yankees , leading to a one-game playoff to determine the title . In the playoff in Cleveland , the Yankees take an early lead but Pedro Cerrano is able to overcome his inability to hit a curve , knocking out a home run to tie the game . In the top of the 9th , with the bases loaded and the Yankees ' power hitter Clu Haywood at bat , Brown has Vaughn pitch relief despite past confrontations Vaughn has had with Haywood . Vaughn manages to strike out Haywood , sending the Indians up to bat . With the game tied and the Indians with two outs , the speedy Willie Mays Hayes manages a single to get on base , and then steals second . Taylor steps up , and after signalling to Brown , calls his shot to center field . With the Yankees prepared for the long play , Taylor instead bunts , allowing Hayes to make it to home safely and win the game . The team and crowd erupt into cheers while Phelps realizes that she likely will not be able to move the team after this . As the team celebrates , Taylor sees Lynn in the stands , no longer wearing her engagement ring . The two rush to hug each other as the city celebrates the victory .