The President of the United States is caught making advances on an underage Firefly Girl less than two weeks before Election Day . Conrad Brean ( De Niro ) , a top-notch spin doctor , is brought in to take the public s attention away from the scandal . He decides to construct a diversionary war with Albania , hoping the media will concentrate on this instead . Brean contacts Hollywood producer Stanley Motss ( Hoffman ) to create the war , complete with a theme song and fake film footage of a photogenic orphan ( Dunst ) in Albania . When the CIA learns of the plot , they send Agent Young ( Macy ) to confront Brean who convinces him that revealing the deception is against his best interests . The CIA announces that the war has ended , but otherwise maintains the deception and the media begins to turn back to the President s abuse scandal . Motss decides to invent a hero who was left behind enemy lines , and inspired by the idea that he was discarded like an old shoe has the Pentagon provide him with a soldier named Schumann ( Harrelson ) around whom he constructs a further narrative including T-shirts , additional patriotic songs , and faux-grassroots demonstrations of patriotism . At each stage of the plan , Motss continually dismisses setbacks as nothing and compares them to past movie-making catastrophes he averted . When the team goes to retrieve Schumann , they discover he is in fact a criminally insane Army prison convict before their plane crashes en route to Andrews Air Force Base . The team survives and is rescued by a farmer , but Schumann attempts to rape the farmer s daughter and the farmer kills him . Motss then stages an elaborate military funeral , claiming that Schumann died from wounds sustained during his rescue . While watching a political talk show Motss gets frustrated that the media are crediting the president s win to a tired campaign slogan of Do n't change horses in mid-stream rather than Motss s hard work . Despite previously claiming he was inspired by the challenge , Motss announces that he wants credit and will reveal his involvement , despite Brean s warning that he is playing with his life . Motss refuses to back down , so Brean reluctantly has him killed and makes it look as if he had a heart attack . The president is successfully re-elected and a news report about a violent incident in Albania is shown , but it is ambiguous whether this is a true event or simply a continuation of the fictional war .