An NSA mission to collect information on Anarchy 99 , a mercenary group of former Russian soldiers goes awry when the agent s identity is discovered . Anarchy 99 has a biochemical weapon named Silent Night , missing since the fall of the Soviet Union , and NSA Agent Augustus Gibbons believes the only way to get close is to recruit an agent that would not have any ties to the United States government . He selects Xander Cage , also known as X , an extreme sports professional and host of his own television show , who was recently captured by the FBI for stealing and destroying a prominent California senator s car as an act of protest . Gibbons puts Cage through two tests – stopping a staged diner robbery and escaping from a drug cartel s plantation in Colombia – and offers Cage the mission . Cage reluctantly agrees when Gibbons offers to wipe his criminal record . Cage goes to Prague and meets with the NSA support team including Czech agent Milan Sova . While scouting an Anarchy 99 party , Cage purposely reveals Sova s cover , which allows him to gain the confidence of Anarchy 99 s leader , Yorgi . Through Yorgi s brother Kolya , who is a fan of Cage s show , Cage gains critical information on the military background of Anarchy 99 s members . Cage is attending a car deal with Yorgi at his invitation when Sova shows up and starts a firefight . Cage shoots Sova with a fake blood-splatter round to make it look like he is dead , which causes Yorgi to fully accept Cage as a member of Anarchy 99 . Cage returns with Yorgi to their headquarters , a castle outside of the city , where he meets Yorgi s girlfriend Yelena . Cage finds Yelena trying to break into Yorgi s safe and tells her he is an American agent . Yelena gets a call from Kirill , a sniper working for Yorgi , who reveals they know of Cage s true identity before he starts firing on them . Cage helps Yelena to escape , but is kidnapped by the NSA team . Agent Gibbons tells Cage to return home since his cover is blown , but Cage refuses as he fears for Yelena s safety from both Yorgi and a planned attack on the castle by special forces . Cage learns that Sova purposely blew his cover . Cage sneaks back to the castle and overhears Yorgi s plans to equip a waterborn drone named Ahab with Silent Night to release the biochemical in the middle of every major city , starting with Prague . Yorgi tests the weapon on his scientists , killing them . Cage rescues Yelena from Yorgi and kills Kolya . At a safehouse , Yelena explains she is an FSB agent , working undercover to get close to Yorgi two years ago , but six months after the start of the operation , her contacts abandoned her . Cage races to a nearby monitoring station which Anarchy 99 uses to secure the castle and destroys it by starting an avalanche , but is captured by Yorgi s forces . Cage is taken back to Yorgi , who reveals he has captured Yelena again and has known about her true identity all along . As the special forces attack starts , Cage and Yelena use the opportunity to escape , killing Kirill and Yorgi , who already launched Ahab towards the center of Prague . Cage alerts Gibbons , who has the Czech military prepare to destroy the Ahab via airstrikes with the unfortunate side effect of releasing some of the biochemical agent . Cage harpoons Ahab from the car and causes the drone to sink underwater . Cage is rescued and Gibbons promises Yelena American citizenship . Cage and Yelena are relaxing in Bora Bora when Gibbons calls , telling him there is another mission . Cage ignores him and goes with Yelena .