In September 1939 , Władysław Szpilman ( Adrien Brody ) , a Polish-Jewish pianist , is playing live on the radio in Warsaw when the station is bombed during Nazi Germany s invasion of Poland . Hoping for a quick victory , Szpilman rejoices with his family at home when learning that Britain and France have declared war on Germany . But the promised aid does not come . Fighting lasts for just over a month , with both the German and Soviet armies invading Poland at the same time on different fronts . Warsaw becomes part of the Nazi-controlled General Government . Jews are soon prevented from working or owning businesses , they are also made to wear blue Star of David armbands . By November 1940 , Szpilman and his family are forced from their home into the overcrowded Warsaw Ghetto , where conditions only get worse . People starve , the guards are brutal , and starving children are abandoned in the streets . On one occasion , the Szpilmans witness the SS kill an entire family in an apartment across the street during a round-up . On 16 August 1942 , Szpilman and his family are transported to Treblinka extermination camp as part of Operation Reinhard . But a friend in the Jewish Ghetto Police recognises Władysław at the Umschlagplatz and separates him from his family . He becomes a slave labourer and learns of a coming Jewish revolt . He helps the resistance by smuggling weapons into the ghetto , on one occasion narrowly avoiding a suspicious guard . Szpilman eventually manages to escape and goes into hiding with help from a non-Jewish friend , Andrzej Bogucki , and his wife Janina . In April 1943 , Szpilman watches from his window as the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising , which he aided , unfolds and then ultimately fails . After a neighbor discovers Szpilman in the flat , he is forced to flee to a second hiding place . The new room has a piano in it but he is compelled to keep quiet while beginning to suffer from jaundice . In August 1944 , during the Warsaw Uprising , the Polish resistance attacks a German building across the street from Szpilman s hideout . Tank shells hit the apartment forcing him to flee . Over the course of the following months , Warsaw is destroyed and abandoned . Szpilman is left alone to search desperately for shelter and supplies among the ruins . He eventually makes his way to an abandoned house where he finds a can of pickles . While trying to open it he is discovered by Wehrmacht officer Wilm Hosenfeld who learns that Szpilman is a pianist . He asks Szpilman to play on a grand piano in the house . The decrepit Szpilman manages to play Chopin s Ballade in G minor . Hosenfeld lets Szpilman hide in the attic of the empty house . From here , he was regularly supplied with food by the German officer . In January 1945 , the Germans are retreating from the advance of the Red Army . Hosenfeld meets Szpilman for the final time promising he will listen to him on Polish Radio after the war . He gives Szpilman his German Army greatcoat to keep warm and leaves . However , this has almost fatal consequences for Szpilman because he is mistakenly thought to be a German and is shot at by Polish troops liberating Warsaw . In Spring 1945 , former inmates of a Nazi concentration camp pass a Soviet prisoner-of-war camp holding captured German soldiers and verbally abuse them . Hosenfeld , who is among those captured , overhears a released inmate lament over his former career as a violinist . He asks the violinist if he knows Szpilman , which he confirms . Hosenfeld wishes for Szpilman to return the favor and help release him . Sometime later , the violinist is able to bring Szpilman back to the site but they find it has been long abandoned . Later , Szpilman works for Polish Radio and performs Chopin s Grand Polonaise brillante to a large and prestigious audience . An epilogue states that Szpilman died at the age of 88 in the year 2000 while Hosenfeld died in Soviet captivity in 1952 .