Alex Gates ( Jack Nicholson ) is a wine merchant living in Miami who has distanced himself from his alcoholic wife Suzanne ( Judy Davis ) with his philandering , and from his stepson Jason ( Stephen Dorff ) with his indifference . Alex is heavily in debt , and hatches a plan to steal a valuable diamond necklace from the house of his clients , the Reese family , where his Cuban mistress Gabriela ( Jennifer Lopez ) works . He cases the house during a wine delivery with Jason , who works in Alex s business , although not happily . Jason becomes attracted to Gabriela , unaware of her relationship with his father . On the day of the heist , Alex and his safe-cracker partner Victor ( Michael Caine ) arrive at the house under the pretense that the Reeses ' wine cellar needs repairs , otherwise their wine will be ruined . Gabriela was supposed to let them in , but she was fired the day before . Fortunately , Alex had cultivated a relationship with the security guard and is able to convince him to admit them . Victor sends Alex and the guard off on an errand while he works on the safe , but a second guard becomes suspicious , although Victor is able to complete the job before being discovered . The pair decide that Alex will pawn the necklace in New York City , and he invites Gabriela to go with him . As he is packing , Suzanne chances upon the airline tickets for him and Gabriela and immediately realizes he is having another affair . The two of them get into a physical alteration and she knocks him out . Deciding to leave him , she empties out his suitcase , where he has hidden the necklace , and uses it for her own clothes . Jason walks in and the two of them flee to the Florida Keys . Upon arriving , they discover the necklace , but Suzanne does n't want to keep it , even after Jason has it appraised , discovering it is worth $ 1 million . Jason also visits Gabriela back in Miami , giving her the phone number of the place they are staying at . Victor and Alex meet with Jason s friend Henry ( Harold Perrineau ) . Alex assaults Henry in an attempt to learn Jason s whereabouts , but Henry does n't know anything . The pair contact various jewelers to be on the lookout for the necklace and get a report from the jeweler who gave Jason the appraisal . Arriving in Key Largo , Victor pretends to flirt with Suzanne , but Jason , who has gotten a description of Henry s assailant , realizes who Victor is and after a fight , escapes with his mother in their car . Victor and Alex give chase and cause an accident that kills Suzanne . Although injured , Jason discharges himself from the hospital and returns to Miami to fight with his father , only to find Gabriela in Alex s bed . After a brief argument , they reconcile . Alex returns home to find both Jason and Gabriela there and he accuses them of having sex . Meanwhile , Victor has been following Jason and confronts him alone . Jason convinces him that he has returned the necklace to Alex , although he has done no such thing . Victor then goes to Alex s house . The two of them fight and Victor is killed . Later , Gabriela visits Jason , and he shows her the necklace . The next day , she calls Alex to tell him its location . They arrive at Jason s boat and Alex and Jason fight , during which time Alex is critically injured . Gabriela leaves the necklace with him as she runs away . With an ambulance on the way , Alex realizes he has no choice but to dispose of the evidence and throws the necklace into the ocean .