Tom Reagan ( Gabriel Byrne ) is the advisor and right-hand man for Leo O'Bannon ( Albert Finney ) , an Irish mobster and political boss who runs an unspecified northeastern U.S. city during Prohibition . When Leo s rival , the Italian gangster Johnny Caspar ( Jon Polito ) announces his intent to kill bookie Bernie Bernbaum ( John Turturro ) , Leo goes against Tom s advice and extends his protection to Bernie . Bernie is the brother of Verna Bernbaum ( Marcia Gay Harden ) , who has begun a relationship with Leo while carrying on an affair with Tom . Tom tries everything he can to convince Leo to give Bernie up to Caspar to end the war ; he attempts to convince Leo that Verna is playing him to protect her brother , but Leo will not be swayed . After an assassination attempt on Leo , Tom reveals his affair with Verna to Leo to prove that she is dishonest . Leo beats Tom , and turns his back on both of them . Tom then approaches Caspar looking for work , and Caspar commands him to kill Bernie in the woods at Miller s Crossing to prove his loyalty . Bernie pleads with Tom to spare him , saying Look in your heart . Tom fires his gun to fake the killing and tells Bernie to run and hide . Caspar assumes Leo s position as boss of the city , controlling the police and using them to destroy Leo s operations . Meanwhile , Tom begins sowing discord between Caspar and his trusted enforcer , the brutal , homosexual Eddie the Dane Dane ( J. E. Freeman ) . Upon finding that his men did n't actually see Tom kill Bernie , Dane takes Tom back to Miller s Crossing to see if Bernie s body is there . Tom nearly cracks as they approach the location , but they find a body that had been shot in the face and disfigured by birds . Unknown to Tom , Bernie returned to town and killed Dane s lover Mink ( Steve Buscemi ) , who was Bernie s lover too , and placed the body where his should have been . Bernie holds this over Tom s head and tries to blackmail Tom into killing Caspar . Tom uses Mink s unknown whereabouts to convince Caspar that Eddie Dane has betrayed him . Dane denies it , and Caspar has to decide whom he believes , and whom he will kill . In a rage , he beats Eddie Dane before shooting him in the head . Tom then arranges a meeting with Bernie , but sends Caspar instead on the pretext that he will be meeting Mink . Bernie gets the jump on Caspar and kills him . Tom arrives and tricks Bernie into giving up his gun , saying they can blame Eddie Dane , then reveals that Dane is dead , and that he intends to kill Bernie in retribution for blackmailing him . Bernie again begs for mercy , saying Look in your heart , but Tom asks What heart ? and shoots him . With Caspar and Eddie Dane dead , Leo resumes his post as top boss . Verna has won her way back into Leo s good graces , and she reacts coldly to Tom . On the day Bernie is buried , Leo announces that Verna has proposed to him , and offers Tom his job back . Tom refuses , and remains behind , watching as Leo departs .