In the early 1980s , Yuri is visiting a Brighton Beach restaurant , where a Russian mobster kills two would-be assassins . He is inspired to go into the arms trade , comparing the constant need for weapons to the similar human need for food . At his father s synagogue , he contacts an Israeli to obtain an illegal Uzi . After completing the first sale , Yuri convinces his brother Vitaly ( Jared Leto ) to become his partner , and they leave their jobs at the family restaurant behind . Yuri s first big break comes in the 1982 Lebanon War , when he sells guns to all sides of the conflict , despite witnessing war crimes and atrocities . As Yuri becomes more successful in the war s aftermath , his business comes to the attention of Interpol , and in particular idealistic agent Jack Valentine ( Ethan Hawke ) . Valentine is after glory rather than money , making it impossible for Yuri to bribe him . During a sale in Colombia , a drug lord pays with six kilos of cocaine instead of cash , and shoots Yuri with one of his own pistols when the two argue . Yuri relents , later finding the sale of the cocaine paid better than money would have . After sampling their profits , Vitaly becomes heavily addicted and absconds with an entire kilogram , prompting a lengthy search before he is discovered in a remote village . After several months , Yuri checks Vitaly into rehab , and continues alone . He lures childhood crush Ava Fontaine ( Bridget Moynahan ) to a false photo shoot and subsequently marries her . Yuri s second big break is the dissolution of the Soviet Union . After Mikhail Gorbachev resigns on Christmas Day 1991 , Yuri flies to Ukraine and illegally buys tanks and weapons through his uncle , a former Soviet General . Expansion to Africa leads to Andre Baptiste Sr. ( Eamonn Walker ) , a ruthless dictator waging a never-ending civil war in Liberia . During one flight into Africa , Yuri s cargo plane is intercepted and forced to land by a fighter jet commandeered by Jack Valentine . He escapes arrest by landing outside the nearby city and ensures that no arms are found on the plane by handing everything to the locals . Unable to charge Yuri , Valentine tells Ava he is an arms dealer , prompting her to confront him and demand he stop his illegal business . For a time , Yuri agrees , but Andre Baptiste Sr. offers him even more money and soon he goes back . Yuri soon goes to complete a sale in Africa in 2001 , where a militia force allied with Andre Baptiste Sr. is visibly preparing to destroy a refugee camp . When Vitaly sees the militia hack an escaping woman and child to death he pleads with Yuri to walk away . Yuri refuses ; if he backs out , the militia will simply kill them and everybody else . Stricken with guilt , Vitaly steals a pair of grenades , destroying one of the weapons trucks and killing Baptiste Jr. Yuri surrenders and he reluctantly accepts half of the original diamond payment for the remaining weapons . At home , Ava has discovered Yuri s cache of his arms dealing activities . She leaves with their son while Yuri s parents disown him after learning the circumstances surrounding the death of Vitaly . When the U.S. Customs finds a bullet in Vitaly s corpse , Valentine arrests Yuri , who predicts correctly that a knock at the door will signal his release as a necessary evil who distributes weapons so major governments can deny involvement .