In 1858 Texas , the Speck brothers , Ace and Dicky , drive a group of black slaves on foot . Among the shackled slaves is Django ( Jamie Foxx ) , sold off and separated from his wife , Broomhilda von Shaft ( Kerry Washington ) . The Speck brothers are stopped by Dr. King Schultz ( Christoph Waltz ) , a German dentist-turned-bounty hunter from D端sseldorf , who asks to buy one of the slaves . He questions Django about his knowledge of the Brittle brothers , a group of outlaws for whom Schultz is carrying a warrant . Schultz , a superior gunslinger , immediately kills Ace with a Fast draw . King insists on honorably paying Dicky a fair price for Django before leaving him at the mercy of the newly-freed slaves , who kill him and follow the North Star to freedom . As Django can identify the Brittle brothers , Schultz offers him his freedom in exchange for help tracking them down . After tracking and killing the Brittles , the liberated Django partners with Schultz through the winter and becomes his apprentice . Schultz explains that he feels responsible for Django since Django is the first person he has ever freed , and felt morally obliged to help Django reunite with Broomhilda . Now fully trained , Django collects his first bounty , keeping the handbill for good luck . In 1859 , Django and Schultz travel to Mississippi , where they learn the identity of Broomhilda s owner : Calvin J. Candie ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) , the charming but cruel owner of the Candyland plantation , where slaves are forced to fight to the death in brutal wrestling matches called Mandingo fights . Schultz and Django meet Candie at his gentleman s club in Greenville and submit their offer to buy one of his best fighters . Intrigued , Candie invites them to his ranch at Candyland . After secretly briefing the German-speaking Broomhilda , Schultz claims to be charmed by her and offers to buy her as well . During dinner , Candie s staunchly loyal house slave Stephen ( Samuel L. Jackson ) becomes suspicious of Schultz and Django s motives . Deducing that Django and Broomhilda know each other and that the sale of the Mandingo fighter is a ruse , Stephen alerts Candie and admonishes him for his greed . Candie offers an alteration of the original deal , with Broomhilda taking the Mandingo fighter s place at the same price , and threatens her death should the deal be rejected . Schultz agrees , and the papers for her freedom are drawn up and signed . Candie smugly insists that the deal be sealed through a handshake , which Schultz initially refuses . When Candie threatens again to kill Broomhilda , Schultz snaps and kills Candie with a concealed derringer . Candie s bodyguard Butch Pooch kills Schultz and Django kills him in turn , and an extensive gunfight begins . Django guns down a great number of his opponents , but surrenders when Broomhilda is taken hostage . The next morning , Stephen tells Django that he will be sold to a mine and worked to death . En route to the mine , Django proves to his escorts that he is a bounty hunter by showing them the handbill that Schultz said was good luck from his first kill . He convinces them that there is a large bounty for criminals hiding at Candyland , and promises that they would receive the majority of the money if they free him . The escorts release him and give him a pistol , which he uses to kill them before stealing a horse and returning to Candyland with a bag of dynamite . At the plantation , Django kills more of Candie s henchmen , takes Broomhilda s freedom papers from the dead Schultz s pocket , bids goodbye to his late friend and frees his wife from a nearby cabin . When Candie s mourners return from his burial , Django kills the remaining henchmen and Candie s sister Lara Lee Candie-Fitzwilly , releases the two remaining house slaves , and kneecaps Stephen . Django then ignites the dynamite that he has planted throughout the mansion , and he and Broomhilda watch from a distance as the mansion explodes with the incapacitated Stephen inside , before riding off together .