Nina Sayers ( Natalie Portman ) , is a professional dancer in a New York ballet company . Nina lives in New York City with her overprotective mother , Erica ( Barbara Hershey ) . The company is preparing to open the season with Swan Lake . The director , Thomas Leroy ( Vincent Cassel ) , is looking for a new principal dancer after forcing Beth Macintyre ( Winona Ryder ) into retirement . Thomas wants the same ballerina to portray the innocent , fragile White Swan as well as her mysterious , sensual twin , the Black Swan . Nina auditions for the part , performing flawlessly as the White Swan , but she is not able to emulate the characteristics of the Black Swan . Upset , Nina approaches Thomas and asks him to reconsider her as the lead role . Thomas forcibly kisses Nina , and she displays a change of character and bites him , convincing him that she has the ferocity to play the Black Swan . Nina begins to witness strange happenings , and her mother finds scratches on her back . An intoxicated Beth angrily confronts Thomas and Nina . Nina is worried that she will befall the same eventual fate as Beth , but stays quiet . Thomas tells Nina she needs to give herself to the sensuality of the Black Swan . He tells her to go home and masturbate , which she does . The next day , Nina finds out that Beth was seriously injured in a car accident , and Thomas tells her it was a suicide attempt . Nina realizes Beth will never dance again , and tearfully unpacks her belongings in Beth s former dressing room . Thomas tells Nina to watch Lily ( Mila Kunis ) , another dancer in the company , whom he describes as lacking Nina s flawless technique but possessing an uninhibited quality that Nina has not shown . The relationship between Nina and Lily grows tense . During rehearsal , Thomas kisses Nina passionately , but leaves abruptly and tells her she must seduce him with her dancing . Nina finds unexplained scratches and blood on her body . Nina and her mother have an argument , interrupted by Lily s unexpected arrival at their apartment . Lily and Nina go for a night out . At a restaurant that evening , Lily offers Nina a capsule of ecstasy to help her relax . Initially , Nina turns it down , but later accepts a drink with ecstasy powder in it . Nina returns home late with Lily , fights with her mother , barricades herself in her room , and has sex with Lily until the latter seemingly smothers her with a pillow . The next morning , Nina wakes up alone and late for the dress rehearsal . When she arrives at the studio , she finds Lily dancing the Black Swan . After she confronts her , Lily admits she spent the night with a man she met at the club , and Nina realizes the encounter did n't really happen . Nina s hallucinations become stronger and more graphically sexual and violent . Nina trashes the apartment and slams her bedroom door on her mother s hands , and has hallucinations of becoming freakishly swanlike . Concerned about Nina s behavior , her mother tries to prevent her from performing on opening night in an effort to keep her daughter safe . An enraged Nina forces her way out of the apartment . Thomas had assigned understudy Lily to take over , but is impressed at Nina s confidence , and lets her play the Swan Queen . The first act goes well , until Nina is distracted by a hallucination during a lift , causing her partner to drop her . Distraught , she returns to her dressing room and finds Lily there . Lily announces her plans to play the Black Swan . Nina shoves her into a mirror , shattering it . Lily , seemingly dead , awakens , and her face changes shape , now a copy of Nina s . The doppelganger starts to strangle Nina , who then grabs a shard of glass and stabs her rival in the abdomen , apparently killing her . The doppelganger s face reverts to that of Lily s . Nina hides the body and returns to the stage . Sprouting feathers , her arms become black wings as she finally loses herself and is transformed into a black swan . At the end of the act , she receives a standing ovation . Offstage , Thomas and the rest of the cast congratulate her on her stunning performance . Nina takes Thomas by surprise and kisses him . Back in her dressing room before the final act , Nina is congratulated by Lily , revealing that their fight was , again , imaginary . The mirror , however , is still shattered . Nina removes a small shard from her own body and realizes she stabbed herself . Dancing the last scene , in which the White Swan throws herself off a cliff , Nina spots her mother weeping in the audience . As Nina falls backward onto a hidden mattress , the theater erupts in thunderous applause . Thomas and the cast gather to congratulate her—only to find that she is bleeding profusely . As the white ceiling lights envelop her , she whispers , I felt it . Perfect . It was perfect .