Valentine Val McKee and Earl Basset work as handymen in Perfection , Nevada , an isolated ex-mining settlement in the high desert east of the Sierra Nevada mountains . They eventually tire of their jobs and leave for Bixby , the nearest town . As they leave , they discover another resident , Edgar Deems , dead on top of an electrical tower , though still holding onto the tower s crossbeams , along with his .30-30 Winchester rifle . Jim Wallace , the town doctor , determines that Edgar died of dehydration , apparently afraid for some reason to climb down . Later on , an unknown force kills shepherd Old Fred and his flock of sheep . Upon discovering his severed head buried in the sand , Val and Earl become convinced that a killer is on the loose ; they head back to town to warn the other residents . Two construction workers who ignore Val and Earl s warning are killed by the same force , causing a rockslide . Val and Earl try to get help , but find that the phone lines are dead , and the only road out of town is completely blocked by a rockslide . Unbeknownst to them , a snake-like creature wraps itself around the truck s rear axle ; the creature is torn apart when Val stomps on the gas pedal and drives away . Val and Earl return to town and borrow horses . They come upon Wallace and his wife s buried station wagon near their trailer , but the couple is missing . As they press on , something suddenly erupts out of the ground , revealing the snake-like creature to be one of multiple tentacled tongues employed by an enormous burrowing worm-like creature , later named a Graboid . Thrown from their horses , the two men run for their lives . The chase ends when the eyeless creature violently rams itself into the concrete wall of an aqueduct and dies from the impact . Rhonda LeBeck , a graduate student conducting seismology tests in the area , stumbles onto the scene ; she deduces from previous soundings that there are three other Graboids in the area . Rhonda , Val , and Earl become trapped overnight atop a cluster of boulders near one of the creatures , and they eventually escape by pole vaulting from boulder to boulder to reach Rhonda s truck . After the people return to town , the Graboids attack , eventually killing general store owner Walter Chang and forcing the other citizens to the town s rooftops . Meanwhile , nearby survivalist couple Burt and Heather Gummer manage to kill another one of the creatures after unknowingly luring it from town to their basement armory . In town , the two remaining Graboids attack the building foundations , knocking over the trailer of a citizen named Nestor and dragging him under . Realizing they can not stay any longer , Val commandeers a bulldozer and chains a partial truck trailer to the rear , while everyone else distracts the creatures ; the survivors use it to try and escape to a nearby mountain range . On the way there , both Graboids create an underground sinkhole trap that disables the bulldozer , forcing the survivors to flee to the safety of large boulders . Earl has an idea to lure in the creatures , then to trick them into swallowing Burt s homemade pipe bombs . While this works on one Graboid , the other spits it back towards the survivors , forcing Val , Earl , and Rhonda to leave the rock to avoid the explosion . With one last pipe bomb , Val allows the creature to chase him to the edge of a cliff and then explodes the bomb behind it , frightening the Graboid into tunneling through the cliff face , where it plummets to its death . The group returns to town , where they call in the authorities to begin an investigation , and Earl pushes Val into approaching Rhonda romantically .