Convicted thief Albert Ganz is working as part of a road gang in California , when a big Native American man named Billy Bear drives up in a pickup truck and asks for water to cool off his truck’s overheating radiator . Ganz and Billy exchange insults and proceed to stage a fight with each other , wrestling in a river , and when the guards try to break up the fight , Billy slips a gun to Ganz , and Billy and Ganz kill two of the three guards and flee the scene . Two days later , Ganz and Billy kill Henry Wong ( John Hauk ) , an associate of theirs . Later that same day , Inspector Jack Cates of the San Francisco Police Department s criminal investigation bureau joins two of his friends and co-workers Detective Algren and Detective Van Zant at the Walden Hotel to check out a man named G.P . Polson , who is in room 27 . Jack waits downstairs while Algren and Van Zant head to room 27 , where it turns out that G.P . Polson is Ganz . He kills Van Zant and Algren , and escapes with Billy , taking Jack s revolver . The police station issues Jack a new pistol and fellow cop Ben Kehoe tells Jack about Ganz s former partner Reggie Hammond , who is in prison with 6 months to go on a three-year sentence for armed robbery . Jack manages to work alone in the search for Ganz and then visits Reggie at the prison . Jack gets Reggie a 48-hour leave from the prison so Reggie can help Jack find Ganz and Billy . Reggie leads Jack to an apartment where Ganz s last remaining associate Luther lives . When Jack looks around , Luther shoots at him and refuses to be interrogated , so Jack puts him in jail . That night , Reggie leads Jack to Torchy s , a redneck hangout where Billy used to be a bartender . Reggie , on a challenge from Jack , shakes the bar down , single-handedly bringing the crowd under his control . They get a lead on Billy s old girlfriend , but this also leads nowhere , as the girlfriend says she threw Billy out . Reggie confesses that he , Ganz , Billy Bear , Luther and Wong had robbed a drug dealer of $ 500,000 some years earlier and that the money was ( and remains ) stashed in the trunk of Reggie s car in a downtown parking garage . Instead of splitting the money , Ganz sold Reggie out , resulting in his incarceration . It was also the reason why Ganz and Billy took Luther s girlfriend Rosalie : they wanted Luther to get Reggie s money in exchange for her safe return . Luther goes and gets the car , and Jack and Reggie tail him to a Muni station where Ganz comes to get the money . Luther , however , recognizes Jack , and Ganz and Billy escape , while Reggie chases after Luther . Left with nothing , Jack ends up going back to the police station and waits for Reggie to call . Jack goes to Vroman s , in the Fillmore district , to find Reggie , who has tracked Luther to a hotel across the street . Jack , humbled , apologizes for continuously berating and insulting Reggie . He lends Reggie some money to pay for a hotel room to have sex with a girl he s met , but as he leaves the club with her , he sees Luther leave the hotel . Luther gets onto a stolen bus driven by Billy and hands over the money to Ganz , who shoots Luther and presumably Rosalie . Ganz spots Jack and Reggie following them , and a car chase/gunfight ensues , which ends when Billy forces Jack s Cadillac through the window of a Cadillac showroom . At this point following a heated verbal thrashing from Jack s boss Haden , Jack and Reggie are ready to resign themselves to the fact that they failed to catch Ganz . At a local bar , Jack wonders if Billy might go back to see his girl and use her place as a hideout . Jack and Reggie force their way inside and after a brief confrontation Reggie shoots Billy . Ganz escapes into a maze of alleyways , capturing Reggie , before being killed by Jack . Finally , Jack takes Reggie to go see the girl he had met earlier at Vromans . Jack leaves the money in Reggie s car , but asks for a loan on another Cadillac when he gets out a changed man . Jack disapproves and takes Reggie back to prison .