Robin of Locksley was an English nobleman who joined Richard the Lionheart , King of England in the Third Crusade . Locksley is imprisoned in Jerusalem along with his comrade , Peter Dubois . Facing the amputation of his hand by the Ayyubid prison guards , Robin escapes with Peter , saving the life of a Moor named Azeem in the process . Robin , Peter , and Azeem escape through a sewer and climb up into an alley , but Peter is shot and mortally wounded by an archer . Before making his last stand against the approaching guards , he makes Robin swear to protect his sister , Marian . Robin returns to England with Azeem , who has vowed to accompany him until Azeem s life-debt to Robin is repaid . In England , with King Richard still away ( in France ) , the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham rules over the land , aided by his cousin , Guy of Gisbourne , the witch Mortianna , and the corrupt Bishop of Hereford ( Harold Innocent ) . At Locksley Castle , Robin s father , who is still loyal to King Richard , is killed by the Sheriff s men after refusing to join them . Robin returns to England to find his father dead , his home in ruins , and the Sheriff and his men oppressing the people . After telling Marian of Peter s demise , and while fleeing the Sheriff s forces afterwards , Robin and Azeem encounter a band of outlaws hiding in Sherwood Forest , led by Little John . Among the band is Will Scarlet , who holds a belligerent grudge against Robin . Robin ultimately assumes command of the group , encourages his men to fight against Nottingham , and trains them to defend themselves . They rob soldiers and convoys that pass through the forest , then distribute the stolen wealth among the poor . One of their early targets is Friar Tuck , who subsequently joins these Merry Men . Marian also begins to sympathize with the band and renders Robin any aid she can muster . Robin’s successes infuriate the Sheriff , who increases the mistreatment of the people , resulting in greater local support for Robin Hood . The Sheriff kills Gisbourne for his failure to prevent the looting of several convoys , and hires Celtic warriors from Scotland to assist his forces in assaulting the hideout . The Sheriff manages to locate the outlaws ' hideout and launches an attack , destroying the forest refuge and capturing most of the outlaws . He confines Marian when she tries to summon help from France . In order to consolidate his claim to the throne , the Sheriff proposes to Marian ( who is Richard s cousin ) , claiming that if she accepts he will spare the lives of the captured outlaws . Nevertheless , several of the rebels are due to be executed by hanging as part of the wedding celebration . Among the captured is Will Scarlet , who makes a deal with the Sheriff to find and kill Robin in order to be set free . Will meets back with Robin and a handful of his most trusted aides who survived the assault by the Celts . Instead of attacking Robin , Will informs him of the Sheriff s plans to marry Marian and execute Robin s men . Will continues to display anger against Robin , which motivates Robin to question why Will hates him so much . Will then reveals himself to be Robin s younger illegitimate half-brother ; Will s mother was a peasant woman with whom Robin s father took comfort after Robin s mother had died . Robin s anger toward his father caused him to separate from her and leave Will fatherless . Despite his anger , Robin is overjoyed to learn that he has a brother , and reconciles with Will . On the day of the wedding and hangings , Robin and his men infiltrate Nottingham Castle , freeing the prisoners . Although Robin s band originally planned to free their friends and retreat , Azeem reveals himself and his willingness to fight the Sheriff , inciting the peasants to revolt . After a fierce fight , Robin kills the Sheriff but is attacked by Mortianna , who charges with a spear . Azeem slays Mortianna , fulfilling his vow to repay his life debt . Tuck also kills the Bishop , burdening him with treasure and throwing him out a window . Robin and Marian profess their love for each other and marry in the forest . Their wedding is briefly interrupted by the return of King Richard , who blesses the marriage and thanks Robin for his deeds .