In 1944 German-occupied Poland , the child Erik Lehnsherr is separated from his parents upon entering a concentration camp . While trying to reach them , he causes a set of metal gates to bend towards him , as though attracted by a magnetic force , before being knocked out by guards . Decades later , U.S . Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a Mutant Registration Act in Congress , which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities . Present are Lehnsherr , now known as Magneto , and the telepathic Professor Charles Xavier , who privately discuss their differing views on the relationship between humans and mutants . In Meridian , Mississippi , 17-year-old Marie D'Ancanto accidentally puts her boyfriend into a coma upon kissing him , which is caused by her superhuman ability to absorb the life force and mutant abilities of anyone she touches . In fear , Marie , now going by the name Rogue , runs away to Laughlin City , Alberta . While at a bar , she meets Logan , also known as Wolverine , who possesses superhuman healing abilities , heightened senses , and metal claws that protrude from his knuckles . While on the road together , they are attacked by Victor Creed / Sabretooth , another mutant and an associate of Magneto . Cyclops and Storm arrive and save Wolverine and Rogue and bring them to the X-Mansion in Westchester County , New York . They are introduced to Xavier , who leads a group of mutants called the X-Men , who are trying to educate young mutants on their powers , and stop Magneto from escalating the war with humanity . Senator Kelly is abducted by Magneto s allies Toad and the shapeshifter Mystique and brought to their lair , where Magneto uses Kelly as a test subject for a machine that artificially induces mutation . Kelly uses his new mutant abilities to escape imprisonment . After Rogue uses her powers on Wolverine , she is convinced by Mystique ( disguised as classmate Bobby Drake ) that Xavier is angry with her and she should leave the school . Xavier uses his mutant-locating machine Cerebro to find Rogue at a train station . Mystique later infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine . At the train station , Wolverine convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier , but a fight ensues when Magneto , Toad and Sabretooth arrive and kidnap Rogue . Kelly arrives at Xavier s school , but dies shortly after due to the instability of his artificial mutation , which causes his cells to break down into a puddle of water . The X-Men learn that Magneto was severely weakened while testing the machine on Kelly , and realize that he intends to use Rogue s power-transferring ability so that she can power the machine in his place , which will kill her . Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue , but Mystique s sabotage causes him to fall into a coma . Fellow telekinetic/telepath Jean Grey fixes Cerebro and uses it , learning that Magneto plans to place his mutation-inducing machine on Liberty Island and use it to mutate the world leaders meeting for a summit on nearby Ellis Island . The X-Men scale the Statue of Liberty . Storm electrocutes Toad , and Wolverine stabs Mystique . Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue , and forces her to use them to start the machine . Cyclops dispatches Sabretooth with the help of Jean , who levitates his battle visor . Storm uses her weather-controlling powers and Jean uses her telekinesis to lift Wolverine up to Magneto s machine . Wolverine saves Rogue when Cyclops blasts Magneto out of the way , and destroys the machine . Wolverine touches the dying Rogue s face , and his healing abilities are transferred to her , causing her to recover . Professor Xavier recovers from his coma . The group learns that Mystique is still alive , and impersonating Senator Kelly . Xavier tells Wolverine that near where he was found in Canada is an abandoned military base at Alkali Lake that might contain information about his past . Xavier visits Magneto in a prison cell constructed entirely of plastic , and the two play chess . Magneto warns him that he will continue his fight , to which Xavier promises that he and the X-Men will always be there to stop him .