Eight years after the death of district attorney Harvey Dent , the Dent Act grants the Gotham City Police Department powers which nearly eradicate organized crime . Police Commissioner James Gordon feels increasingly guilty for covering up the crimes committed by Dent , who was turned into a murderer by the Joker . He writes a resignation speech confessing the truth but decides not to use it . Bruce Wayne has become a recluse , broken by the death of his childhood sweetheart Rachel Dawes and has retired as the vigilante Batman after taking the blame for Dent s crimes , as well as Dent s death . Cat burglar Selina Kyle obtains Wayne s fingerprints from his home and kidnaps congressman Byron Gilley . She sells the fingerprints to Phillip Stryver , an assistant to Wayne s business rival John Daggett . In return , she requests her payment : a clean slate that can wipe all traces of a person from the internet . Stryver double-crosses Kyle , but she uses Gilley s phone to alert the police to their location . Gordon and the police arrive to find the congressman , and then pursue Stryver s men into the sewers while Selina flees . The police attempt to follow them into the sewers , but the men that enter the sewers are killed , and Gordon is captured , while the rest of the police are assailed down by sniper fire . The assailants drag Gordon to Bane , a masked mercenary , who has him searched and finds his resignation speech . Gordon escapes and is found by John Blake , a patrol officer . Gordon promotes Blake to detective , with Blake reporting directly to him . Bane and multiple accomplices attack the Gotham Stock Exchange , using Bruce s fingerprints in a transaction that leaves Wayne bankrupt . Wayne s butler Alfred Pennyworth reveals that Rachel had intended to marry Dent before she died . Alfred then resigns in an attempt to convince Bruce to move on from being Batman . Wayne Enterprises is losing profits after Wayne discontinued his fusion reactor project when he learned that the core could be weaponized . Fearing that Daggett , Bane s employer , would gain access to the reactor , Wayne asks Wayne Enterprises board member Miranda Tate to take over his company . Kyle agrees to take Batman to Bane but instead leads him into Bane s trap . Bane reveals that he intends to fulfill Ra s al Ghul s mission to destroy Gotham with the League of Shadows remnant . He engages Batman and delivers a crippling blow to his back , before taking him to a foreign , well-like prison where escape is virtually impossible . There , the inmates tell Wayne the story of Ra s al Ghul s child , born in the prison and cared for by a fellow prisoner before escaping—the only prisoner to have ever done so . Wayne assumes the child to be Bane . Bane lures Gotham police underground and traps them there . He kills Mayor Anthony Garcia and forces Dr. Leonid Pavel , a Russian nuclear physicist he kidnapped from Uzbekistan six months prior , to convert the reactor core into a nuclear bomb . Bane uses the bomb to hold the city hostage and isolate Gotham from the world . Using Gordon s stolen speech , Bane reveals the cover-up of Dent s crimes and releases the prisoners of Blackgate Penitentiary , initiating anarchy . The wealthy and powerful have their property expropriated , are dragged from their homes , and are given show trials presided over by Dr. Jonathan Crane , where all are sentenced to death . After spending months recovering and re-training , Wayne escapes from the prison . He enlists Kyle , Blake , Tate , Gordon , and Lucius Fox to help stop the bomb s detonation . He hands the Batpod to Kyle , tasking her with helping people evacuate and saving herself . She asks him to come along , leaving Gotham to its fate , but he refuses . While the police and Bane s forces clash , Batman overpowers Bane . He interrogates Bane for the bomb s trigger , but Tate intervenes and stabs him . She reveals herself to be Talia al Ghul , Ra s al Ghul s daughter . Bane is her protector , who aided her escape from the prison . She uses the detonator , but Gordon has successfully approached the bomb and blocks her signal , preventing remote detonation . Talia leaves to find the bomb while Bane prepares to kill Batman , but Kyle returns on the Batpod and saves Batman by killing Bane . Batman and Kyle pursue Talia , hoping to bring the bomb back to the reactor chamber where it can be stabilized . Talia s truck crashes , but she remotely floods and destroys the reactor chamber before dying . With no way to stop the detonation , Batman uses the Bat to haul the bomb over the bay , where it detonates . In the aftermath , Batman is presumed dead and is honored as a hero . With Wayne also presumed dead , Wayne Manor becomes an orphanage , and his remaining estate is left to Alfred . Fox discovers that Wayne had fixed the Bat s autopilot and Gordon finds the Bat-Signal refurbished . Alfred finds that Wayne is alive and well , together with Selina , while visiting Florence . Blake resigns from the police force and , following Wayne s instructions , discovers the Batcave and its contents .