As people are enjoying drinks in a bar , a man covered in blood—identified onscreen as Hero ( Eric Dane ) —enters through the door and warns them all of impending danger . No one heeds his warning , so he shows the bar patrons the head of a repulsive creature to make them take him seriously . He is soon pulled through a window and decapitated by one of the monsters . After the carnage , a woman— Heroine ( Navi Rawat ) —bursts through the door and reveals herself to be the recently deceased man s wife . After a brief sentimental moment between the wife and her late husband , the bar patrons begin boarding up the windows in the bar . Despite their efforts , a young monster bursts through an uncovered window and begins attacking . A monster outside bursts its hand through Vet ( Anthony Treach Criss ) , Edgy Cat/Jason Mewes has his face torn off and is accidentally shot dead , and the little monster dismembers one of the women— Harley Mom ( Diane Goldner ) —who is initially assumed to have died from massive blood loss . The monster disappears for some time , then is found attempting to sexually penetrate one of the deer heads nailed to the wall . A shotgun blast removes the deer head and monster . The monster drops into a freezer which is then sealed shut , trapping it inside . Following this , the remaining windows are boarded up and the bar patrons are given a moment of peace . Trying to call for help , they learn that the only phone in the bar has been hit by a stray shotgun blast and rendered useless . One of the women— Tuffy ( Krista Allen ) —suddenly realizes that her son Cody ( Tyler Patrick Jones ) is still upstairs and runs to get him . Once she finds her child the group rejoices until the boy is pulled through a window and eaten by one of the monsters , leaving only his sneaker behind . Tuffy is incapacitated by grief , while the monster vomits a stream of slime at one of the group— Beer Guy ( Judah Friedlander ) . As the remaining people regroup downstairs , they realize that the slime has a decomposing effect and that Beer Guy is being slowly overcome by its effects . The group kills the young monster in the freezer and hangs it outside . The monster s parents quickly eat the child , have sex and produce two offspring in a matter of seconds , all of whom begin to attack the pub with renewed fury . Meanwhile , one of the women— Honey Pie ( Jenny Wade ) —begins washing off the blood and has to take off her clothes , much to the amusement of the others . The patrons regroup and enact various attempts to escape or drive off the monsters , including using Harley Mom s body as bait while the Heroine and the Coach ( Henry Rollins ) attempt to escape . Upon discovering she s still alive , Bossman ( Duane Whitaker ) continues to sacrifice her to the creatures . The distraction fails , leading to the accidental death of the Heroine at the hands of another character , Bozo ( Balthazar Getty ) . Driven by rage over the death of her child , Tuffy aggressively takes charge of the remaining survivors , which results in the audience seeing her nickname change from Tuffy to Heroine 2 . After Coach and Bossman are killed , Honey Pie successfully makes it to a truck , giving the other characters brief cause for hope ( until they realize she is speeding off by herself ) . A fight to the death between the last remaining humans and monsters ensues , resulting in the deaths of Beer Guy and supposedly the Bartender ( Clu Gulager ) . Bozo , his brother Hot Wheels ( Josh Zuckerman ) , and Tuffy ( Heroine 2 ) survive , and drive off to retrieve the Heroine and Hero s daughter . One person— Grandma ( Eileen Ryan ) —seems to survive but is attacked by one of the remaining monsters .