In Texas in 1913 , Pike Bishop ( William Holden ) , the leader of a gang of aging outlaws , is seeking retirement with one final score : the robbery of a railroad office containing a cache of silver . They are ambushed by Pike s former partner , Deke Thornton ( Robert Ryan ) , who is leading a posse of bounty hunters hired and deputized by the railroad . A bloody shootout kills several of the gang . Pike uses a serendipitous temperance union parade to shield their getaway , and many citizens are killed in the crossfire . Pike rides off with Dutch Engstrom ( Ernest Borgnine ) , brothers Lyle ( Warren Oates ) and Tector Gorch ( Ben Johnson ) and Angel ( Jaime Sánchez ) , the only survivors . They are dismayed when the loot from the robbery turns out to be a decoy : steel washers instead of silver coin . The men reunite with old-timer Freddie Sykes ( Edmond O'Brien ) and head for Mexico . Pike s men cross the Rio Grande and take refuge that night in the village where Angel was born . The townsfolk are ruled by Gen. Mapache ( Emilio Fernández ) , a corrupt , brutal general in the Mexican Federal Army , who has been ravaging the area s villages to feed his troops , who have been fighting—and losing to—the forces of revolutionary Pancho Villa . Pike s gang makes contact with the general . A jealous Angel spots Teresa , his former lover , in Mapache s arms and shoots her dead , angering Mapache . Pike defuses the situation and offers to work for Mapache . Their task is to steal a weapons shipment from a U.S. Army train so that Mapache can resupply his troops and appease Col. Mohr ( Fernando Wagner ) , his German military adviser , who wishes to obtain samples of America s armaments . The reward will be a cache of gold coins . Angel gives up his share of the gold to Pike in return for sending one crate of the stolen rifles and ammunition to a band of rebels opposed to Mapache . The holdup goes largely as planned until Deke s posse turns up on the very train the gang has robbed . The posse chases them to the Mexican border , only to be foiled again as the robbers blow up a trestle spanning the Rio Grande , dumping the entire posse into the river . The pursuers temporarily regroup at a riverside camp and then quickly take off again after the Bunch . Pike and his men , knowing they risk being double-crossed by Mapache , devise a way of bringing him the stolen weapons—including a ( anachronistic ) Browning M1917 machine gun—without him double-crossing them . However , Mapache learns from the mother of Teresa that Angel embezzled a crate of guns and ammo , and reveals this as Angel and Engstrom deliver the last of the weapons . Surrounded by Mapache s army , Angel desperately tries to escape , only to be captured and tortured . Mapache lets Engstrom go , and he returns to rejoin Pike s gang and tell them what happened . Sykes is wounded by Deke s posse while securing spare horses . The rest of Pike s gang returns to Agua Verde for shelter , where a bacchanal celebrating the weapons transfer has commenced ; they see Angel being dragged on the ground by a rope tied behind the general s car . After a brief frolic with prostitutes and a period of reflection , Pike and the gang try to forcibly persuade Mapache to release Angel , barely alive after the torture . The general appears to comply ; however , as they watch , the general cuts his throat instead . Pike and the gang angrily gun Mapache down in front of hundreds of his men . For a moment , the federales are so shocked that they fail to return fire , causing Engstrom to laugh in surprise . Pike calmly takes aim at Mohr and kills him , too . This results in a violent , bloody shootout—dominated by the machine gun—in which Pike and his men are killed , along with many of Mapache s troops and the remaining German adviser . Deke finally catches up . He allows the remaining members of the posse to take the bullet-riddled bodies of the gang members back and collect the reward , while electing to stay behind , knowing what awaits the posse . After a period , Sykes arrives with a band of the previously seen Mexican rebels , who have killed off what s left of the posse along the way . Sykes asks Deke to come along and join the revolution . Deke smiles and rides off with them .