After breaking his leg photographing a racetrack accident , a professional photographer , the adventurous L. B . Jeff Jefferies ( James Stewart ) , is confined to a wheelchair in his Greenwich Village apartment to recuperate . His rear window looks out onto a courtyard and several other apartments . During a powerful heat wave he watches his neighbors , who keep their windows open to stay cool . He observes a flamboyant dancer he nicknames Miss Torso ; a single middle-aged woman he calls Miss Lonelyhearts ; a talented , single , middle-aged composer-pianist ; several married couples ; a female sculptor ; and Lars Thorwald ( Raymond Burr ) , a traveling jewelry salesman with a bedridden wife . Jeff s sophisticated , beautiful socialite girlfriend , Lisa Fremont ( Grace Kelly ) visits him regularly , as does his insurance company s nurse , Stella ( Thelma Ritter ) . Stella wants Jeff to settle down and marry Lisa , but Jeff is reluctant . One night during a thunderstorm Jeff hears a woman scream Do n't ! and then the sound of breaking glass . Later he is awakened by thunder and observes Thorwald leaving his apartment . Thorwald makes repeated late-night trips carrying his sample case . The next morning Jeff notices that Thorwald s wife is gone , and then sees Thorwald cleaning a large knife and handsaw . Later , Thorwald ties a large trunk with heavy rope and has moving men haul it away . Jeff discusses all this with Lisa and with Stella . Jeff becomes convinced that Thorwald has murdered his wife . Jeff explains this to his friend Tom Doyle ( Wendell Corey ) , a New York City Police detective , and asks him to do some research . Doyle finds nothing suspicious ; apparently Mrs. Thorwald is upstate , and picked up the trunk herself . Soon after , a neighbor s dog is found dead , its neck broken . The owner yells out into the courtyard , You do n't know the meaning of the word neighbors ' ! Neighbors like each other , speak to each other , care if anybody lives or dies ! But none of you do ! All the neighbors run to their windows to see what is happening , except for Thorwald , whose cigar can be seen glowing as he sits quietly in his dark apartment . Certain that Thorwald is guilty , Jeff asks Lisa to slip an accusatory note under his door , so Jeff can watch his reaction when he reads it . Then , as a pretext to get Thorwald out of his apartment , Jeff telephones him and arranges a meeting at a bar . He believes Thorwald buried something incrimating in the courtyard flower bed and killed the dog to stop it digging there , so when Thorwald leaves , Lisa and Stella dig up the flowers ; they find nothing . Much to Jeff s amazement and admiration , Lisa then climbs the fire escape to Thorwald s apartment and clambers in through an open window . When Thorwald returns and grabs Lisa , Jeff calls the police , who arrive in time to save her by arresting her . Jeff sees Lisa has her hands behind her back , wiggling her finger with Mrs. Thorwald s wedding ring on it . Thorwald notices this , and realizing that she is signaling to someone , he sees Jeff across the courtyard . Jeff phones Doyle and leaves an urgent message . Stella heads for the police station to post bail for Lisa . When his phone rings , Jeff assumes it s Doyle , and says that the suspect has left the apartment . When no one answers , Jeff realizes that Thorwald himself had called , and is heading over to confront him . When Thorwald enters , Jeff repeatedly sets off his camera flashbulbs , temporarily blinding him . However , Thorwald grabs Jeff and manages to push him out of the open window , as Jeff is yelling for help . Police officers enter the apartment as he falls to the ground ; other officers have run over to break his fall . Thorwald confesses to the police soon afterward . A few days later , the heat has lifted , and Jeff rests peacefully in his wheelchair , now with casts on both legs . The lonely neighbor is chatting with the pianist in his apartment , the dancer s lover returns home from the army , the couple whose dog was killed have a new dog , and the newly married couple are bickering . Lisa reclines on the daybed in Jeff s apartment , wearing jeans and apparently reading a book Beyond the High Himalayas . As soon as Jeff falls asleep , Lisa puts the book down and happily opens a fashion magazine .