In December 1958 , Norville Barnes ( Tim Robbins ) , a business college graduate from Muncie , Indiana , arrives in New York City looking for a job . He struggles due to lack of experience and becomes a mailroom clerk at Hudsucker Industries . Meanwhile , the company s founder and president , Waring Hudsucker ( Charles Durning ) , unexpectedly commits suicide during a business meeting by jumping out of a top-floor window . Afterwards , Sidney J. Mussburger ( Paul Newman ) , a ruthless member of the board of directors , learns Hudsucker s stock shares will be soon sold to the public ; he mounts a scheme to buy the controlling interest in the company by temporarily depressing the stock price by hiring an incompetent president to replace Hudsucker . In the mailroom , Norville is assigned to deliver a Blue Letter , a top-secret communication from Hudsucker , sent shortly before his death , to Mussburger . However , Norville takes the opportunity to pitch an invention he s been working on which turns out to be a simple drawing of a circle and his cryptic explanation , you know , for kids . Believing Norville to be an idiot , Mussburger selects him as a proxy for Hudsucker . Across town , Amy Archer ( Jennifer Jason Leigh ) , a brassy Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the Manhattan Argus , is assigned to write a story about Norville and find out what kind of man he really is . She gets a job at Hudsucker Industries as his personal secretary , pretending to be yet another desperate graduate from Muncie . One night , Amy searches the building to find clues and meets Moses , a man who operates the tower s giant clock and knows just about anything if it concerns Hudsucker . He tells her Mussburger s plot , and she takes the story back to her Chief ( John Mahoney ) , but he does not believe a word of it . The other executives decide to produce Norville s invention in hopes that it will flop and depress the company s stock . The invention turns out to be the hula hoop , which initially fails but then turns into an enormous success . Norville allows success to go to his head and becomes yet another uncaring tycoon . Amy , who had fallen for his naive charm , is infuriated over Norville s new attitude and leaves him . Buzz , the eager elevator operator , pitches a new invention : the flexi-straw . Norville dismisses it and fires Buzz . Meanwhile , Aloysius ( Harry Bugin ) , a Hudsucker janitor , discovers Amy s true identity and informs Mussburger . Mussburger reveals Amy s secret identity to Norville and tells him he will be dismissed as president after the new year . Mussburger also convinces the board that Norville is insane and must be sent to the local psychiatric hospital . On New Year s Eve , Amy finds Norville drunk at a beatnik bar . She apologizes , but he storms out and is chased by an angry mob led by Buzz , whom Mussburger had convinced that Norville had stolen the hula hoop idea . Norville escapes to the top floor of the Hudsucker skyscraper and changes back into his mailroom uniform . He climbs out on the ledge , where Aloysius locks him out and watches as he slips and falls off the building at the stroke of midnight . All of a sudden , Moses stops the clock and time freezes . Waring Hudsucker appears to Norville as an angel and tells him the Blue Letter that was supposed to be delivered to Mussburger contains a legal document indicating that Hudsucker s shares would go to his immediate successor , who is now Norville . Moses fights and defeats Aloysius inside the tower , allowing Norville to fall safely to the ground . Norville and Amy reconcile . As 1959 progresses , it is Mussburger who is sent to the asylum while Norville develops a new invention for kids , an enigmatic circle on a folded sheet of paper that will ultimately turn out to be a frisbee .