Ali Rose ( Aguilera ) moves to Los Angeles after she quits her bar job when her boss refuses to pay her . Once in L.A. , she tries and fails at every audition she does until one night , she finds herself unknowingly in a burlesque club when she hears the music on the street . She finds Tess ( Cher ) and the dancers performing Welcome to Burlesque and decides to pursue a career on stage once she meets Jack ( Gigandet ) . Jack refers her to Tess for an audition , but she is rejected instantly and ushered out by Sean ( Tucci ) . Instead of leaving , Ali begins serving customers at the club as a waitress , while Tess and Sean observe with Jack asking Tess to give Ali a chance . When Georgia ( Hough ) becomes pregnant , auditions are held to replace her . Ali begins her audition when everyone leaves , and after performing Wagon Wheel Watusi , persuades Tess to allow her to become one of the club s dancers , much to the annoyance of Nikki ( Bell ) , a performer who is always late and caught drinking before numbers . One day Ali has to replace Nikki on stage because Nikki is too drunk to perform . Nikki sabotages the performance by turning off the music that the dancers usually lip sync to but before the curtain is dropped down , Ali impresses everyone with her amazing singing skills . Tess immediately decides to have Ali be the star of a whole new show at the club . It becomes increasingly popular and Ali enjoys her newfound stardom while Nikki fumes in the background . Despite the club s growing success , Tess is still unable to pay the bank all the money that she owes it . One night after the club closes , Tess , worried with the club s economic prospects , sings You Have n't Seen the Last of Me . A very jealous Nikki shows up drunk and picks a fight with Tess , calling Ali a slut with mutant lungs . Tess , who has grown frustrated with Nikki , questions her gratitude for the help she has received . Angered , Nikki quits on the spot ( before falsely claiming that she slept with Vince after his and Tess s honeymoon ) , and the altercation ends when Tess angrily retaliates by smashing the passenger side window on Nikki s convertible with a crowbar . Tensions arise between Ali and Jack as Marcus grows increasingly infatuated with Ali , making Jack jealous . At Georgia s wedding , Jack appears to call off his engagement , getting drunk . That night , Ali and Jack sleep together , but the following morning Jack s fiancé , Natalie ( Agron ) , returns unexpectedly from her play in New York and tells Ali that the engagement is still on . Jack denies this , and while trying to fix things , he asks Ali to leave . Feeling heartbroken and betrayed , Ali runs to Sean for support , who prompts her to go with Marcus after his phone call . While spending time with Marcus , Ali finds out about air rights , which refers to the empty space above a building and what can be done with it . Ali breaks things off with Marcus after she sees his plans to build a skyscraper on the property the club is on . Ali tells Tess , and together they inform the owner of the new million-dollar condos across the street ; fearing the loss of business that would result from the obstruction of his prospective tenants ' view , he purchases the air rights to the club s property . The resulting money is enough for Tess to buy out Vince s share , pay off the bank , and re-fashion the club to her own vision . She also makes up with Nikki and rehires her at the club . In the end Ali , having reunited with Jack and earned Nikki s respect , performs Show Me How You Burlesque with all of the dancers , a song which Jack wrote and finally finished .