Andrew Beckett ( Tom Hanks ) is a Senior Associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia . Beckett hides his homosexuality and his status as an AIDS patient from the other members of the law firm . On the day Beckett is assigned the firm s newest and most important case , a partner in the firm notices a lesion on Beckett s forehead . Although Beckett attributes the lesion to a racquetball injury , it is actually due to Kaposi s Sarcoma , a form of cancer marked by multiple tumors on the lymph nodes and skin . Shortly thereafter , Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions . While at home , he finishes the paperwork for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office , leaving instructions for his assistants to file the paperwork the following day , which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case . Later that morning he receives a call asking for the paperwork , as the paper copy can not be found and there are no copies on the computer s hard drive . The paperwork is finally discovered in an alternate location and is filed with the court at the last possible moment . The following day Beckett is fired by the firm s partners . Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm an excuse to fire him , and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS . He asks several attorneys to take his case , including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller ( Denzel Washington ) . Miller knows little about AIDS and appears to be worried that he could contract Beckett s illness . After declining to take the case , Miller immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the disease . The doctor explains that the routes of HIV infection do not include casual contact such as a business meeting . Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him , Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney . While researching a case at a law library , Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table . After a librarian announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for Beckett , others in the library begin to first stare and then move away , and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room . Disgusted by the other people s behavior , Miller approaches Beckett , reviews the material Beckett has gathered , and takes the case . As the case goes before the court , the partners of the firm take the stand , each claiming that Beckett was incompetent and that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition . The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett had invited his illness through his homosexual acts and was therefore not a victim . In the course of testimony , it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett s lesion had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so should have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS . According to that partner , the woman was an innocent victim , unlike Beckett , and further testified that he did not recognize Beckett s lesions . To prove that the lesions would have been visible , Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand , revealing that his lesions were indeed visible and recognizable as such . Beckett eventually collapses during the trial . After Beckett is hospitalized , the partner who noticed Beckett s lesions confesses that he suspected Beckett had AIDS but never gave him the opportunity to explain himself . The partner remorsefully confesses that he would regret betraying Beckett for the rest of his life . During his hospitalization , the jury votes in his favor , awarding him back pay , damages for pain and suffering , and punitive damages . Miller visits the visibly failing Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett s face . After Beckett s family leaves the room , he tells his partner Miguel ( Antonio Banderas ) that he is ready to die . At the Miller home , Joe and his wife are awakened by a phone call from Miguel , presumably to tell them that Beckett has died . The movie ends with a reception at Beckett s home following the funeral , where many mourners , including Miller , view home movies of Beckett as a happy child .