Lloyd Christmas ( Jim Carrey ) and Harry Dunne ( Jeff Daniels ) , two unintelligent men , are best friends and roommates living in Providence , Rhode Island who struggle at every aspect of life . Lloyd , a limousine driver , falls in love with Mary Swanson ( Lauren Holly ) , a woman he is driving to the airport . She intentionally leaves a briefcase in the terminal ; Lloyd , unaware that it contains ransom money for her kidnapped husband , Bobby , retrieves it and tries to return it to her , but her Aspen-bound plane has already departed , leading to Lloyd running through and falling out of the jetway . Fired from his job , Lloyd returns to his apartment and learns that Harry has also been fired as a dog groomer after delivering dogs late to a show and accidentally getting them dirty . Bobby s kidnappers , Joe Mental Mentalino ( Mike Starr ) and J.P. Shay ( Karen Duffy ) , follow Lloyd home from the airport in pursuit of the briefcase . Mistaking the crooks for debt collectors , the duo flee the apartment and return later to find that Mental and Shay have decapitated Harry s parakeet . Upset about their situation , Lloyd suggests they head to Aspen to find Mary and return the briefcase , hoping she can plug them into the social pipeline . At first Harry opposes the idea , but eventually agrees and the duo leave the next day . Mental and Shay learn about their plans and follow them . Mental and Shay catch up to the duo at a motel that night . Posing as a hitchhiker , Mental is picked up by Harry and Lloyd the next day only to be driven crazy by their childish antics , while Shay secretly follows them . During a lunch stop , the duo prank Mental with chili peppers in his burger and then accidentally kill him with rat poison pills ( which he planned to use on them ) after mistaking it for his medication . Nearing Colorado , Lloyd takes a wrong turn and ends up driving all night through Nebraska . Upon waking up and realizing Lloyd s mishap , Harry gives up on the journey and decides to walk home , but Lloyd later persuades him to continue after trading the van for a minibike . The two arrive in Aspen but are unable to locate Mary . After a short scuffle over some gloves that night , the briefcase breaks open and they discover the money , and borrow it for a hotel suite , clothes and a Lamborghini Diablo . They learn that Mary and her family are hosting a gala and prepare to attend . At the gala , Harry , attempting to lure Mary over to Lloyd , reluctantly agrees to go skiing with her the next day and lies to Lloyd that he got him a date . The next day , Lloyd finds out Harry lied to him after waiting all day for Mary at the hotel bar . In retaliation , Lloyd pranks Harry with coffee spiked with laxatives , leading to him to defecate in a broken toilet at Mary s house . Lloyd then arrives at Mary s house and informs her he has her briefcase . He takes her to the hotel and shows her the briefcase and confesses his love after some initial struggle , but is rejected . Nicholas Andre , an old friend of the Swansons and the mastermind behind Bobby s kidnapping , arrives with Shay and , upon learning most of the ransom money has been spent by Harry and Lloyd and replaced with IOUs , takes Lloyd and Mary hostage , as well as Harry when he returns . Before Nicholas can kill them , an FBI team raids the suite and arrests him and Shay . After the incident , Mary and Bobby are reunited , much to Lloyd s jealousy , in which he fantasies of shooting him dead when he realizes he came all this way for nothing . The next day , Harry and Lloyd begin walking home . All of the items they bought were confiscated and their moped has broken down . The two unknowingly decline the chance to be oil boys for a group of bikini girls , after which Harry ironically tells Lloyd that they will get their break one day . Harry and Lloyd then play a friendly game of tag as they continue to walk back home .