In 1976 , Jackie Moon is a singer who used the profits from his one-hit wonder , Love Me Sexy , to buy a basketball team in the American Basketball Association , the Flint Tropics , becoming the owner , head Coach , and starting power forward . The ABA Commissioner announces a plan to merge the league with the National Basketball Association , but only four teams will move to the more established league . The Tropics , the worst team in the league , are in danger of dissolving . Jackie argues that the teams with the four best records should be merged and the Commissioner accepts . Jackie trades the team s washing machine to the Kentucky Colonels for Ed Monix , former backup point guard for the Boston Celtics . The Commissioner reveals that the Tropics will also need at least 2,000 fans at every remaining home game . Jackie begins to stage extremely desperate stunts , like wrestling a bear named Dewie . The Tropics begin playing better with Monix , as well as the increased intensity of Clarence Withers . Monix takes over as offensive and defensive coordinator and starting point guard , leaving Jackie as the head coach . Monix trains the team rigorously with a play he calls the Puke as the players are to run it , until they throw up . From Monix s training , the Tropics go on a winning run , moving from last to fifth . Jackie gets a visit from the Commissioner . The NBA does not think that Flint has a large enough media market and will not allow the Tropics into the league even if they beat the first place San Antonio Spurs . Jackie admits that he stole Love Me Sexy from a napkin his mother wrote on three weeks before she died . Realizing that all his assets are basically stolen , Jackie trades Withers to the Spurs so that he may realize his dream in the NBA . Monix inspires the team to leave everything on the court , while they may not be able to continue the franchise after this season , they have come very far and still have a lot to prove . Going into the Spurs game , which Moon declares the MegaBowl , the Tropics are in fifth place and with a win they would make it into fourth , although they have no chance in making it into the NBA . The game begins and the Tropics fall behind quickly . In the closing seconds of the first half , Jackie gets fouled hard by Petrelli while going up for a shot and is injured . Withers decides he has seen enough and rushes in to the Tropics locker rooms with the rest of the team , which angers the Spurs . During halftime , an unconscious Jackie imagines that he is in heaven with his mother . He apologizes for stealing her song and she gives him a weapon in order to win . On the court , the Tropics reveal their new weapon : the alley-oop . With the return of Withers , it is very effective and he leads the charge . The referee calls the play a foul , but after some persuasion by Jackie and Monix , is soon convinced that it is a legitimate score . The Tropics take advantage of this new strategy and begin coming back . After the Spurs start defending against the Alley-Oop , Monix calls a time-out and calls for them to run the Puke with 12 seconds left and down by two points , 115–117 . The play gives Jackie the ball , but he gets fouled hard again with two seconds left . Shooting granny style , Moon sinks the first basket . The second rebounds off and Monix tips it in right at the buzzer for two points to win . The Spurs ' coach offers Withers his position back . The now-former ABA Commissioner offers Jackie a position on the staff of the NBA Assistant Commissioner , as a marketing director . As Jackie is about to accept , the Commissioner is mauled by the Dewie the bear .