In 1954 New England , six strangers are invited to a party at a secluded New England mansion known as Hill House . After being met at the door by the butler Wadsworth , the guests are reminded that they have been given a pseudonym to protect their true identity and asks that they only use that name with the other guests . During dinner , Wadsworth admits a seventh attendee , Mr. Boddy , and announces that each of the guests is being blackmailed : Professor Plum is a former professor of psychiatry and current member of the World Health Organization whose medical license was revoked because he had an affair with one of his female patients . Mrs. Peacock is the wife of a U.S Senator who has been accused of accepting bribes to deliver her husband s vote and claims she must pay their blackmailer to avoid a political witch hunt . Miss Scarlet is the owner of an illegal escort service in Washington , D.C.. Colonel Mustard is thought , at first , to have been blackmailed for scandalous photographs with one of Miss Scarlet s employees , but it is later revealed that he was a war profiteer who made his money from selling stolen radio components on the black market . He now works at the Pentagon on a private fusion bomb ( which is revealed later in the film ) . Mrs. White is an alleged black widow who was drawn in to avoid a scandal regarding the mysterious death of her nuclear physicist husband . She was previously married to an illusionist , who also disappeared under mysterious circumstances . Mr. Green is a homosexual , a secret that would cost him his job with the State Department if it were widely known . Finally , Wadsworth reveals Mr. Boddy s secret to the guests : he is the one who has been blackmailing them . As the guests begin to shout at Mr. Boddy , Wadsworth explains that he has gathered all the guests together to confront Mr. Boddy and turn him over to the police . Confronted by Wadsworth s revelation , Mr. Boddy reminds the guests that , if turned over to the police , he can reveal their secrets while in police custody . Mr. Boddy then distributes to each guest a wrapped gift box which , when opened , reveal one of six weapons : a wrench , a candlestick , a lead pipe , a knife , a revolver , and a rope with a hangman s knot . Mr. Boddy suggests that they use the weapons provided to kill Wadsworth and destroy the evidence , keeping their secrets safe . Mr. Boddy turns out the lights in the room , creating a moment of chaos in which someone shoots the revolver . When the lights come back on , Mr. Boddy is lying on the ground and is pronounced dead by Professor Plum . Everyone denies killing Mr. Boddy , and Wadsworth reveals that he arranged the event in revenge for his wife who had committed suicide after being blackmailed by Mr. Boddy for having Socialist friends . While trying to decide how to proceed , Wadsworth and the guests check on Ho , the Cook , who is found dead in the meat locker with the knife . Upon returning to The Study , Mr. Boddy is gone and is later found dead by Mrs. Peacock in the bathroom from the candlestick . Wadsworth and the guests assume there must be another person in the house that killed The Cook and Mr. Boddy , so they split up in pairs and search the house with the weapons locked in the cupboard . Over the course of search , three others visit the house and are subsequently found dead : a stranded motorist , found dead in the Lounge with the wrench ; a police officer investigating the motorist s abandoned car , found dead with the lead pipe in the Library ; and a singing telegram girl , found dead in the Hall with the revolver . Yvette , the maid , is found dead in the Billiard Room with the rope . Wadsworth announces to the other guests that he deduced the identity of the murderer and runs through a frantic re-enactment of the entire evening , scene by scene , with the guests in tow . Wadsworth points out that each of the victims had a connection to one of the guests and were actually accomplices that enabled Mr. Boddy to find out the secrets he later used to blackmail the guests . The cook had earlier been employed by Mrs. Peacock . The motorist was Colonel Mustard s driver during the war and knew of his involvement with the black market . Yvette had worked for Miss Scarlet and had an affair with Mrs. White s husband , which made Mrs. White hate her , and led her to kill her husband . Colonel Mustard s scandalous photographs were of him and Yvette in flagrante delicto ( caught in the act ) . The police officer had been on Miss Scarlet s payroll for his silence . The singing telegram girl was one of Professor Plum s patients . He once had an affair with her . The accounting is interrupted by an evangelist at the front door warning the Kingdom of Heaven ' is at hand , who is encouraged to leave . Wadsworth then flips the electricity to the house . At this point , the story proceeds to one of three endings : A , B , or C .