Former US Army Captain Nathan Algren , a bitter alcoholic traumatized by the atrocities he committed during the American Indian Wars , is approached by his former commanding officer Colonel Bagley to train the newly formed Imperial Japanese Army for Japanese businessman Omura , who intends to use the army to suppress a samurai-headed rebellion against Japan s new Emperor . Despite his hatred of Bagley for his role in the Indian Wars , an impoverished Algren takes the job for the money , and is accompanied to Japan by his old friend Sergeant Zebulon Gant and Simon Graham , a British translator knowledgeable about the Samurai . Algren finds the Imperial soldiers are poorly-trained , conscripted peasants without knowledge of firearms . Before training is completed , the army is ordered to defend a railroad owned by Omura under threat from the samurai . The battle is a disaster ; the soldiers panic and are swiftly routed , and Gant is killed . Algren kills several Samurai before he is captured , impressing Samurai leader Katsumoto , who orders that Algren be spared . Algren is taken to the Samurai s village to live among Katsumoto s family . Over time , Algren overcomes his alcoholism and guilt over his past sins , learns the Japanese language and culture , and develops sympathy for the Samurai , who are angry that the spread of modern technology has eroded traditional feudalism and the status and power of the Samurai . Algren becomes close with Taka , Katsumoto s sister and the widow of a Samurai Algren killed . Omura sends Ninja to assassinate Katsumoto . In the ensuing battle , Algren helps defend Katsumoto s family , earning the Samurai s respect . Katsumoto requests a meeting with Emperor Meiji and is given safe passage to Tokyo , bringing Algren with the intent to release him . Upon arriving in Tokyo , Algren finds the Imperial Army is now a well-trained and equipped fighting force , while Katsumoto , to his dismay , discovers that the Emperor is essentially a puppet of Omura . At a government meeting , Omura orders Katsumoto s arrest for carrying a sword in public and asks him to commit seppuku to redeem his honor . When Algren refuses Omura s offer to lead the new army to crush the rebels , Omura orders him killed as well . Surviving the assassination attempt , Algren and a group of samurai free Katsumoto , whose son Nobutada sacrifices himself to let them escape . As the Imperial Army marches against the Samurai , a grieving Katsumoto contemplates seppuku , but Algren convinces him to fight until the end , and joins the Samurai in battle . Citing the Battle of Thermopylae , the Samurai use the Imperial Army s overconfidence to lure their soldiers into a trap and deprives them of artillery support . The ensuing mĂŞlĂŠe battle inflicts massive casualties and forces the Imperial soldiers to retreat . Knowing that Imperial reinforcements are coming and defeat is inevitable , Katsumoto orders a suicidal charge on horseback into machine-gun fire . In the chaos , Algren kills Bagley . Moved by the sight of the dying samurai , the Imperial captain , previously trained by Algren , disobeys Omura and orders the Army s guns to cease fire . A mortally-wounded Katsumoto commits seppuku with Algren s help , as the Imperial Army kneels in respect for the dead . Days later , as trade negotiations conclude , Algren , though injured , arrives and interrupts the proceedings . He presents the Emperor with Katsumoto s sword and asks him to remember the traditions for which Katsumoto died . The Emperor realizes that while Japan must increase in foreign interaction , it also should remember its own culture and history . He rejects the trade offer and confiscates Omura s property to be given to the poor . Algren returns to the village to Taka , Graham concluding that Algren had at last found a measure of peace with his life .