Two firefighters of Engine 17 of the Chicago Fire Department are brothers . Lt. Stephen Bull McCaffrey , the elder , is experienced , while Brian has labored under his brother s shadow all his life . Brian returns to firefighting after a number of other careers falter , though Stephen has doubts that Brian is fit to be a firefighter . In 1971 , Brian witnessed the death of their firefighting father , Captain Dennis McCaffrey , while accompanying him on a call . The longest serving of all the men at Engine 17 , John Axe Adcox , served under the McCaffreys ' father and was like an uncle to the boys when their father died . He attacks fires head on , but is concerned about Stephen s unorthodox methods and disregard for safety procedures . Helen McCaffrey is Stephen s estranged wife and the mother of their son , Sean . Helen has grown fearful of Stephen s dedication to firefighting and the risks he takes . While they were still in love , she separated from Stephen to protect herself and Sean . Martin Swayzak is an alderman on the Chicago City Council . Swayzak hopes to be elected mayor , but has made budget cuts to the fire department . Many of the rank and file firemen believe the cuts are endangering firefighters ' lives . Fire Department Captain Donald Shadow Rimgale is a dedicated arson investigator and veteran firefighter . He is called in because a number of recent fires resemble fires committed by pyromaniac Ronald Bartel , who has been imprisoned for many years . Brian is reassigned as his assistant after a falling out with Stephen . Rimgale manipulates Bartel s obsession with fire to ensure Bartel s annual parole application is rejected . It is revealed during an investigation that Swayzak was paid off by contractors to shut down firehouses so they could be converted into community centers , with the contractors receiving contracts for the construction . When Engine 17 answers a call in a high-rise , Stephen urges them to move in quickly to take out the fire despite Adcox s advice to wait for back-up . Brian s friend and fellow trainee , Tim Krizminski , opens a door only to be met by a backdraft . His face is burned beyond recognition , but he survives . Adcox and Brian both blame Tim s condition on Stephen s reckless tactics . Rimgale and Brian go to Swayzak s home to confront him but interrupt a masked man about to set the place alight . The latter attacks them with a pipe but is burned by an electrical socket on his back . Rimgale saves Brian and Swayzak from the house but is injured in an explosion . In his hospital bed , Rimgale tells Brian to visit Ronald again . Ronald helps Brian realize that only a firefighter would be so careful as to not let the backdraft fires rage out of control . Brian suspects Stephen , but later spots a burn in the shape of an electrical socket on Adcox s back and reveals his suspicions to his brother just before an alarm . When Brian realizes Adcox has heard their exchange he jumps aboard Truck 46 after borrowing some turnout gear . Stephen confronts Adcox about the deadly backdrafts during a multiple-alarm fire at a chemical plant . Adcox admits he set the fires to kill associates of Swayzak because Swayzak was benefiting from the deaths of firefighters . When an explosion destroys the catwalk they are on , Stephen grabs Adcox s hand while hanging on to the remains of the catwalk . Adcox requests Stephen let go of him , but Stephen loses his grip on the catwalk . Adcox is killed and Stephen is mortally wounded . Stephen dies on the way to the hospital with Brian at his side , his final request being that Brian not reveal that Adcox was behind the fires . After Stephen and Adcox s funeral , Brian and Rimgale , with the help of the police , interrupt Swayzak at a press conference . Rimgale questions Swayzak on a fake manpower study that led to the deaths of several firemen , including Stephen and Adcox . They also state that Swayzak engineered the downsizing of the Chicago Fire Department . This effectively destroys Swayzak s mayoral ambitions . Brian continues as a firefighter despite the loss of his father and brother .