In 1912 , 13-year-old Indiana Jones is horseback riding with his Boy Scout troop at Arches National Park in Utah . While scouting caves , Indy discovers a group of grave robbers who have found a golden crucifix belonging to Coronado and steals it from them , hoping to donate it to a museum . The men give chase through a passing circus train , leaving Indy with a bloody cut across his chin from a bullwhip and a new phobia of snakes . Indy escapes , but the local sheriff makes him return the crucifix to the robbers . Impressed with Indy s bravery , the leader of the robbers gives Indy his fedora , and encourages him to not give up . In 1938 , Indy recovers the crucifix off the coast of Portugal and donates it to Marcus Brody s museum . Later , Indy is introduced to Walter Donovan , who informs him that Indy s father , Henry Jones , Sr. , has vanished while searching for the Holy Grail , using an incomplete inscription as his guide . Indy then receives Henry s Grail diary via mail from Venice . Realizing that he would not have sent the diary unless he was in trouble , Indy and Marcus travel to Venice , where they meet Henry s Austrian colleague , Dr. Elsa Schneider . Beneath the library where Henry was last seen , Indy and Elsa discover the tomb of a First Crusade knight , which also contains a complete version of the inscription that Henry had used , this one revealing the location of the Grail . They flee , however , when the catacombs are set aflame by the Brotherhood of the Cruciform Sword , a secret society that protects the Grail from evildoers . After a speedboat chase , Indy and Elsa capture one of the Brotherhood , Kazim , and Indy tells him that his goal is only to find his father and that he has no interest in finding the Grail . Kazim tells him that Henry is being held in Castle Brunwald on the Austrian-German border . Marcus later reveals a map drawn by Henry of the route to the Grail , which begins in Alexandretta . Indy sends Marcus to İskenderun , the city built on the ruins of Alexandretta to rendezvous with their old friend Sallah , and he and Elsa head to Castle Brunwald . At Castle Brunwald , Indy rescues Henry , but learns that Elsa and Donovan are actually working with the Nazis , and are using him to find the Grail for them . Meanwhile , Marcus is captured in Hatay , while waiting with Sallah for the Joneses . The Joneses escape from Castle Brunwald and recover the diary from Elsa at a Nazi book burning rally in Berlin where they have a dangerously close encounter with Adolf Hitler himself . They board a Zeppelin to leave Germany , but the Zeppelin soon turns around and the Joneses escape in a parasite biplane . They crash while engaging in a dogfight with the Luftwaffe due to Henry s accidentally shooting the plane s tail off , but Henry redeems himself on the ground by alarming a flock of birds to take flight in front of the Luftwaffe fighter causing the pilot to crash . The two meet up with Sallah in Hatay , where they learn of Marcus s abduction . The Nazis are already moving toward the Grail s location , using the map possessed by Marcus . In exchange for a Rolls-Royce Phantom II , the Sultan of Hatay has given the Nazis full access to his equipment for the expedition , including a large tank . Indy , Henry , and Sallah find the Nazi expedition , which is ambushed by the Brotherhood . During the battle , Henry is captured by SS Colonel Ernst Vogel while attempting to rescue Marcus from the tank ; Kazim and his comrades are killed . The younger Jones pursues the tank on horseback and , with the aid of Sallah , saves Henry and Marcus . He is then caught up in a fight with Vogel , and barely escapes before the tank goes over a cliff , crushing Vogel to death . Indy , Henry , Marcus , and Sallah catch up with the surviving Nazis , led by Donovan and Elsa , who have found the temple where the Grail is kept but are unable to pass through the three protective booby traps . Donovan mortally wounds Henry , forcing Indy to risk his life in the traps to find the Grail and use its healing power to save Henry . Using the information in the diary and followed by Donovan and Elsa , Indy safely overcomes the traps ( circular blade traps , a word puzzle , and a invisible bridge over a bottomless pit ) and reaches the Grail s chamber , which is guarded by a knight . He has been kept alive for seven hundred years by the power of the Grail , which is hidden among dozens of false Grails ; only the true Grail brings life , while a false one claims it . Donovan ages rapidly and decays into dust upon drinking from a false grail . Indy selects the true Grail , a simple clay cup , which the knight warns can not be taken beyond the temple s entrance . Indy fills the Grail with holy water and takes it to Henry , which heals him instantly . Elsa , disregarding the knight s warning , then takes the Grail and attempts to leave with it . The temple begins to collapse and Elsa falls to her death trying to recover the Grail . Indy nearly suffers the same fate but Henry persuades him to let it go . The Joneses , Marcus , and Sallah escape the temple and ride off into the sunset .