Kirsty Cotton ( Ashley Laurence ) , the protagonist from the previous film , has been admitted to a psychiatric hospital , still haunted by visions of the unspeakable horror that destroyed her family . Interviewed by Doctor Channard ( Kenneth Cranham ) , and his assistant , Kyle MacRae ( William Hope ) , she tells her account of the events depicted in the first film , and pleads with them to destroy the bloody mattress her murderous stepmother , Julia Cotton ( Clare Higgins ) died on . Despite her frantic urging , MacRae is the only one who seems to believe her . However , it is revealed that the obsessive Dr. Channard has been searching for the Lament Configuration , the doorway to the world of the Cenobites , for years . After hearing Kirsty s story , he has the mattress brought to his home , and has one of his more deranged patients lie on the mattress and cut himself with a straight razor . The resulting blood frees Julia from the Cenobite dimension , as it did with Frank in the first film , though Julia s physical form is immediately whole , only lacking skin due to the amount of blood . Meanwhile , Kirsty is awakened in her room to a vision of her father , who tells her in writing that he s in Hell and to help him . This is witnessed by MacRae , who had snuck inside Dr. Channard s house to investigate Kirsty s claims . He returns to Kirsty to tell her , and the two decide to return to Dr. Channard s house , so Kirsty can attempt to save her father who she believes is still trapped in Hell . They also decide to bring a young patient named Tiffany ( Imogen Boorman ) , whom Kirsty has befriended . Tiffany , who has n't spoken for years , demonstrates an amazing aptitude for puzzles . Meanwhile , Dr. Channard , seduced by Julia , has surreptitiously brought more mentally ill patients to his home for her to feed on . When Kirsty and the others arrive at Channard s home , MacRae heads to the attic , and discovers the grisly remains of their bodies . Julia , her skin almost completely regenerated , appears and kills him , consuming his essence and completing her skin regeneration . Kirsty hears the commotion and rushes up to the attic , and walks in on the scene . Enraged , she attacks Julia , but is knocked unconscious . Using Tiffany as a proxy , Channard and Julia unlock the Lament Configuration puzzle box and enter the world of Pinhead and the Cenobites . Here it is learned that the act of opening the Lament Configuration is not in and of itself reason to be targeted by the Cenobites . As Pinhead states , stopping his fellow Cenobites from attacking Tiffany , it is not hands that call them , but desire . Thus , it was Channard´s desire who made him use Tiffany to open the box and , because of this , he is the Cenobites´ target . Kirsty ventures into the Cenobites ' domain and encounters Frank Cotton ( Sean Chapman ) . He reveals that he is condemned to Hell , and that his punishment is to be teased and seduced by writhing female figures on beds that withdraw into the walls , depriving him of any pleasure . He also reveals that he tricked her by pretending to be her father to lure her into Hell so that he can use her for his own pleasures . At this point , Julia appears and destroys Frank in revenge for his killing her ( in the first movie ) . In a vie for power , Doctor Channard , having been changed into a Cenobite , kills Pinhead and his minions . Kirsty later tricks Doctor Channard by donning the deceased Julia s skin , giving Tiffany the opportunity to finish the Lament Configuration puzzle , killing Doctor Channard and allowing them to return home and close the gate between the two worlds . The movie ends with Kirsty and Tiffany leaving the now unoccupied hospital . Two men are removing what remains in the doctor s house and one of the movers comes across a blood-stained mattress on the floor . As he bends down to examine it , two arms reach out from the pool of blood , killing him as they withdraw , taking his upper half with them . When the second mover finally enters and observes the scene , a large spinning pillar rises from the bloody floor , decorated with several Cenobite faces inset , including Pinhead s . Staring at the ghastly faces , one of them ( the vagrant from the first film ) speaks to the mover , asking him , What is your pleasure , sir ? as the movie ends .