Following the accidental death of his mother Renee during production of her latest film , thirteen-year-old Jeff Matthews and his veterinarian-father Chase move to the Maine town of Ludlow . Jeff learns about the Creed family , and about the cursed Indian burial ground . His friend Drew s dog , Zowie , is fatally shot by Gus Gilbert - Drew s stepfather , who also happens to be the town sheriff - for chasing Gus s pet rabbits . It does n't help that Gus was in love with Renee 20 years ago ; ever since she turned him down to marry Chase , Gus has been venting his ire on everything and everybody around him . Jeff and Drew bury Zowie at the Indian cemetery , in order to bring the dog back to life . It works , with some side effects : Zowie is uncharacteristically fierce ; the dog s eyes have an unnatural glow to them , even in daylight . Gus grounds Drew for skipping school to bury Zowie ( because Gus demanded that he do so ) . Chase treats Zowie for his gunshot wound , which refuses to heal ; even more bizarre is the fact that Zowie has no heartbeat . Chase sends a sample of Zowie s blood to a lab . It turns out that Zowie s cells have completely deteriorated and are no different from those of a dead canine . Jeff goes to the pet cemetery on Halloween for a night of horror stories , notably about the Creed murders . The still-grounded Drew goes along on his mom s orders ; she wants to get even with Gus for repeatedly and unfavorably comparing her to Renee . Gus comes to the cemetery looking for Drew . He beats up his stepson after chasing off all the other kids save Jeff , who is swatted away like a fly when he tries to stop Gus s bullying . Gus rips up a gravemarker and is about to hit Drew with it when Zowie appears and fatally mauls Gus ... whom both boys subsequently bury at the Indian cemetery . Gus returns to life ; he now moves stiffly and rarely speaks , but does treat his wife and stepson better . Gus becomes increasingly crude and sadistic , sexually assaulting Drew s mother and brutally skinning his pet rabbits for supper . Zowie breaks out of the veterinary clinic and kills three cats , before entering Chase s home and attacking him . Chase s arm is injured . A day later , Jeff encounters school bully Clyde Parker - who is about to sever Jeff s nose using the wheel-spokes of his own motorcycle when Gus shows up . He sends Jeff home , then murders Clyde as Drew looks on . Gus traps Drew inside their house with the savage Zowie . Drew escapes through a window just as his mother arrives home . Gus s police car chases them down the highway ; he finally kills them both , by forcing their car into a collision with a truck . Gus drags Clyde s body off to the cursed burial ground : I m takin ' you up the hill , Clyde , buddy . That s the way the Indians did it . That night , Jeff decides to reanimate his mother by using the Indian burial ground`s power . Gus exhumes her corpse , and brings it to Jeff at the burial ground . When Chase hears that his wife s grave has been robbed by Gus , he rushes to the Gilbert house . There he is attacked by Zowie ... and then by Gus , wielding an electric drill . Chase shoots and kills them both . Upon coming back to life , Renee stabs and kills Marjorie Hargrove - the Matthews ' housekeeper . Jeff confronts his undead mother in the attic and they embrace . Chase arrives home and urges Jeff to get away from Renee , who says she wants to spend quality time with her husband . An undead Clyde arrives and tries to kill Jeff ... first with an ax , and then with an ice-skate . Renee locks Chase and both boys in the house , which she then sets on fire . Jeff kills Clyde with a severed insulated cable , then breaks down the attic door to reach his father . Renee wants Jeff to stay and join her in death , saying she loves him , but Jeff drags his father out of the house as Renee is destroyed by the flames . Her last words are , Dead is better ! Jeff and Chase leave Ludlow for Los Angeles .