During his nightly TV weather forecast on February 1 , meteorologist Phil Connors ( Bill Murray ) confidently reassures Pittsburgh viewers that an approaching winter storm will miss western Pennsylvania completely . He then sets off with news producer Rita Hanson ( Andie MacDowell ) and cameraman Larry ( Chris Elliott ) for Punxsutawney , Pennsylvania to cover the next morning s Groundhog Day festivities . Phil makes no secret of his contempt for the assignment , the small town , and the hicks who live there . On February 2 , Phil awakens at his Punxsutawney bed & breakfast to Sonny & Cher s I Got You Babe on the clock radio , and tapes a half-hearted report on Punxsutawney Phil and the town s festivities . Rita wants to stay and cover some of the other events ; Phil wants to leave immediately . The blizzard , in defiance of Phil s forecast , resolves the issue by blanketing the area in snow and stranding them in Punxsutawney . The next morning , Phil awakens once again to I Got You Babe . Strangely , there is no snow on the ground ; and the day s events repeat exactly as the day before , to the smallest detail . The following day is another identical repetition ; Phil is trapped in a time loop , repeating Groundhog Day over and over . No matter how he varies his routine , trying to break the loop , he awakens every morning to I Got You Babe and yet another rerun of Groundhog Day . With no obvious way out—and apparently nothing to lose—he passes the endless , identical days with drunken binges , reckless driving adventures , and one-night stands . He also finds himself increasingly attracted to Rita , but she rejects all of his various seduction schemes . Now profoundly depressed , Phil s morning report becomes progressively more cynical and offensive , until one day he kidnaps Punxsutawney Phil and leads police on a wild chase before plunging to his death off a high overlook—only to awaken yet again on Groundhog Day morning , listening to I Got You Babe . More suicide attempts , using every method he can imagine , end exactly the same way . In desperation , Phil confides in Rita , telling her the whole story , and convincing her by correctly predicting each trivial incident as it is about to occur . After a happy day together , they fall asleep in Phil s bed ; but he awakens alone to I Got You Babe , still trapped in the time loop . At last , Phil realizes that the daily repetition , and his intimate knowledge of every detail of the day s events , can be put to constructive use . He learns to play the piano , sculpt ice , and speak French ( or another language in some foreign-language versions ) from local instructors . His report of the Groundhog Day celebration becomes so eloquent that all the other reporters turn their microphones to him . After a lifetime of self-absorption , he begins addressing the needs of others . When a homeless man dies despite his best efforts to save him , he begins averting disasters that he stood by and watched many times before . He befriends the townspeople he once shunned and , with the benefit of his unique hindsight , helps some of them through personal crises and steers others toward better decisions . Rita notices his seemingly overnight transformation , and is impressed . That evening at the town s Groundhog Day dinner-dance , she wins Phil with the top bid at the charity bachelor auction . Phil makes a beautiful snow sculpture of Rita s face , and tells her that no matter what happens , even if he is doomed to continue awakening alone each morning forever , he wants her to know that he is finally happy , because he loves her . In the morning , I Got You Babe is playing on the radio—but the snow is still on the ground , and Rita is still beside him . At last , it is February 3 ! After Phil explains to Rita why he fell asleep on her the previous night ( It was the end of a very long day ) , they walk hand in hand through the peaceful , snow-covered town . It s so beautiful , Phil says . Let s live here !