At a bistro in the Montmartre district of Paris , IRA operative Deirdre ( Natascha McElhone ) meets with ex-special operatives-turned mercenaries Sam ( Robert De Niro ) and Larry ( Skipp Sudduth ) , both Americans , and Vincent ( Jean Reno ) , a Frenchman . She takes them to a warehouse where fellow mercenaries , German Gregor ( Stellan Skarsgård ) and English Spence ( Sean Bean ) , are waiting . There , Deirdre briefs the men on their mission : they have been hired to attack a heavily armed convoy and steal a large metallic briefcase , the contents of which are never revealed . As the team prepares , Deirdre meets with her ex-IRA handler , Seamus O'Rourke ( Jonathan Pryce ) , who reveals that the Russian mob is bidding for the case and the team must intervene . After Spence is exposed as a fraud by Sam and summarily dismissed , the others depart for Nice . Sam and Deirdre develop an attraction to each other during a stakeout . On the day of the sale , Deirdre s team ambush the convoy at La Turbie and pursue the survivors back to Nice . After a gun battle at the port , Gregor steals the case and disappears . Gregor tries to sell the case to the Russians , but he is forced to kill his contact when he betrays him . He then contacts Mikhi ( Féodor Atkine ) , the Russian mobster in charge of the deal , and makes him agree to another meeting . The rest of the team later track Gregor through one of Sam s old CIA contacts and corner him in the Arles Amphitheatre , where he is meeting two of Mikhi s men . Gregor flees but is captured by Seamus , who kills Larry and escapes with Deirdre . Sam gets shot saving Vincent s life and is taken to a villa in Les Baux-de-Provence owned by Vincent s friend Jean-Pierre ( Michael Lonsdale ) . After removing the bullet and letting Sam recuperate , Vincent asks Jean-Pierre to help them locate Gregor and the Irish . Back in Paris , Gregor is brutally interrogated into leading Seamus and Deirdre to a post office , where they retrieve the case . Sam and Vincent pursue them in a high-speed chase , which ends when Vincent shoots out Deirdre s tires and sends her car over a highway overpass . Gregor flees with the case while roadworkers save Deirdre and Seamus from the burning vehicle . Sam and Vincent then decide to track down the Russians and learn from one of Jean-Pierre s contacts that they are involved with figure skater Natacha Kirilova ( Katarina Witt ) , who is appearing at Le Zénith arena . That night during her performance , Natacha s boyfriend Mikhi meets with Gregor , who reveals there is a sniper in the arena who will shoot Natacha if Mikhi betrays him again . Mikhi kills Gregor anyway and leaves with the case , letting the sniper kill Natacha . Sam and Vincent follow the panicked mob out of the arena in time to see Seamus shoot Mikhi and steal back the case . Sam runs ahead and finds Deirdre waiting in the getaway car ; he urges her to leave , revealing himself to be an active CIA agent pursuing Seamus , not the case . Deirdre drives away , forcing Seamus to run back to the arena with Sam in pursuit . In the final showdown , Seamus is about to kill Sam when he is fatally shot by Vincent . Sometime later , in the bistro where they first met , Sam and Vincent talk while a radio broadcast announces that a peace agreement was reached between Sinn Féin and the British government , partly as a result of Seamus ' death . Sam looks toward the door expectantly , but Vincent reminds him that Deirdre will not be coming back . After parting , Sam drives off with his CIA contact . Vincent pays the bill and leaves .