In the 23rd century , the Federation starship USS Kelvin is investigating a lightning storm in space . A Romulan ship , the Narada , emerges from the storm and attacks the Kelvin . Narada s first officer , Ayel , demands that the Kelvin s Captain Robau come aboard to negotiate a truce . Robau is questioned about the current stardate and an Ambassador Spock , whom he does not recognize . Narada s commander , Nero , kills him , and resumes attacking the Kelvin . George Kirk , the Kelvin s first officer , orders the ship s personnel , including his pregnant wife Winona , to abandon ship while he pilots the Kelvin on a collision course with the Narada . Kirk sacrifices his life to ensure Winona s survival as she gives birth to James T. Kirk . Seventeen years later on the planet Vulcan , a young Spock is accepted to join the Vulcan Science Academy . Realizing the Academy views his human mother Amanda as a disadvantage , he joins Starfleet instead . On Earth , Kirk becomes a reckless but intelligent young adult . Following a bar fight with Starfleet cadets accompanying Nyota Uhura , Kirk meets Captain Christopher Pike , who encourages him to enlist in Starfleet Academy , where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy . Three years later , Commander Spock accuses Kirk of cheating during the Kobayashi Maru simulation . Kirk argues that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable . The disciplinary hearing is interrupted by a distress signal from Vulcan . With the primary fleet out of range , the cadets are mobilized . McCoy and Kirk board Pike s ship , the Enterprise . Realizing that the lightning storm observed near Vulcan is similar to the one that occurred when he was born , Kirk breaks protocol to convince Pike that the distress signal is a trap . Enterprise finds the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling into Vulcan s core . The Narada attacks the Enterprise and Pike surrenders , delegating command of the ship to Spock and promoting Kirk to first officer . Kirk , Hikaru Sulu and Chief Engineer Olson perform a space jump onto the drilling platform . Olson is killed but Kirk and Sulu disable the drill . Despite their efforts , Nero launches red matter into Vulcan s core , forming an artificial black hole that destroys Vulcan . Spock rescues the high council and his father Sarek , but Amanda dies . As the Narada moves toward Earth , Nero tortures Pike to gain access to Earth s defense codes . Spock maroons Kirk on Delta Vega after Kirk attempts mutiny . Kirk encounters an older Spock , who explains that he and Nero are from 129 years in the future . In that future , Romulus was threatened by a supernova . Spock s attempt to use red matter to create an artificial black hole and consume the supernova failed , and Nero s family perished along with Romulus . The Narada and Spock s vessel were caught in the black hole , sending them back in time . Nero stranded Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan s destruction . Reaching a Starfleet outpost , Kirk and the elder Spock meet Montgomery Scott . With the elder Spock s help , Kirk and Scott beam onto the Enterprise . Following the elder Spock s advice , Kirk provokes younger Spock into attacking him , forcing Spock to recognize he is emotionally compromised and relinquish command to Kirk . After talking with Sarek , Spock decides to help Kirk . While the Enterprise hides itself within the gas clouds of Titan , Kirk and Spock beam aboard the Narada . Kirk fights with Nero and Ayel , killing the latter and rescuing Pike while Spock uses the elder Spock s ship to destroy the drill . Spock leads the Narada away from Earth and sets his ship to collide with Nero s ship . Enterprise beams Kirk , Pike and Spock aboard . The older Spock s ship and the Narada collide , igniting the red matter . Kirk offers Nero help to escape , but Nero refuses , prompting Kirk to give the order to fire , dooming the Narada to be consumed in a black hole . Kirk is promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral . Spock encounters his older self , who persuades his younger self to continue serving in Starfleet , encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical . Spock remains in Starfleet , becoming first officer under Kirk s command . The Enterprise goes to warp as the elder Spock speaks the where no one has gone before monologue .