The film starts with the Polaroid photograph of a dead man . As the sequence plays backwards the photo reverts to its undeveloped state , entering the camera before the man is shot in the head . This is followed by sequences of black and white chronologically and color reverse-chronologically interspersed . The black-and-white sequences begin with Leonard Shelby ( Guy Pearce ) in a motel room speaking to an unnamed telephone caller who is not shown on-screen . Leonard has anterograde amnesia and is unable to store recent memories , the result of an attack by two men . Leonard explains that he killed the attacker who raped and strangled his wife ( Jorja Fox ) , but a second clubbed him and escaped . The police did not accept that there was a second attacker , but Leonard believes the attacker s name is John or James , with a last name starting with G. Leonard conducts his own investigation using a system of notes , Polaroids , and tattoos . As an insurance investigator , Leonard recalls one Sammy Jankis ( Stephen Tobolowsky ) , also diagnosed with the same condition . Sammy s diabetic wife ( Harriet Sansom Harris ) , who was not sure if his condition was genuine , repeatedly requested insulin injections to try to get him to break his act . As a result of these requests she overdoses , subsequently falling into a coma and dying . The color sequences are shown reverse-chronologically . In the story s chronology , Leonard gets a tattoo , based on self-directed instructions , of John G s license plate . Finding a note in his clothes , he meets Natalie ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) , a bartender who resents Leonard as he wears the clothes and drives the car of her boyfriend , Jimmy . After understanding his condition , she uses it to get Leonard to drive a man named Dodd ( Callum Keith Rennie ) out of town and offers to run the license plate to help his investigation . Meanwhile , Leonard meets with a contact , Teddy ( Joe Pantoliano ) . Teddy helps with Dodd , but warns him about Natalie ; Leonard finds a photo written to not trust him , however . Natalie provides Leonard the driver s license , which shows a John Edward Gammell , Teddy s full name . Confirming Leonard s information on John G and his warnings , Leonard meets Teddy and drives him to an abandoned building , killing him as shown in the opening . In the final black-and-white sequence , prompted by the caller , Leonard meets Teddy in the motel lobby . Teddy is an undercover officer and has found Leonard s John G , Natalie’s boyfriend , Jimmy Grantz ( Larry Holden ) , and directs Leonard to the same abandoned building outside of town . When Jimmy arrives , Leonard strangles him and takes a photo of the body . As it develops , the black-and-white transitions to color , thus beginning the color sequences . Leonard swaps clothes with Jimmy , hearing Jimmy whisper Sammy . As Leonard has only told Sammy s story to those met , he doubts Jimmy is the attacker . Teddy arrives and asserts that Jimmy was John G. But when Leonard is not convinced , Teddy reveals that he helped Leonard find and kill the real attacker over a year ago , and he has been having Leonard kill troublesome people for him ever since . Jimmy was a police officer who was investigating them . Teddy points out that since John G is a common name , he will continually forget , beginning his search again and that even Teddy himself has a John G name . Further , Teddy claims that Sammy s story is actually Leonard s , and he has repressed the memory in order to escape his guilt . After hearing Teddy s exposition , Leonard consciously burns Jimmy s photograph , drives off in Jimmy s car and has Teddy s license plate number tattooed on himself as the one of the second attacker , which will lead to the events of Teddy s death .