In October 1973 , Control , head of British intelligence ( the Circus ) , sends agent Jim Prideaux to Budapest to meet a Hungarian general wishing to defect . Prideaux is shot and captured . Amid the international incident that follows , Control and his right-hand man George Smiley are forced into retirement . Control dies of illness . Percy Alleline becomes the new Chief , with Bill Haydon as his deputy , and Roy Bland and Toby Esterhase as key lieutenants . Despite Control and Smiley s misgivings , their successors had already begun a secret operation— Witchcraft —to obtain Soviet intelligence , which is being exchanged with the CIA for US intelligence . Smiley is brought out of retirement by Oliver Lacon , the civil servant in charge of intelligence , to investigate a claim by Ricki Tarr , a British spy , that there has been a long-term mole in a senior role in the Circus , as Control had suspected . Smiley chooses a trustworthy agent , Peter Guillam , and retired Special Branch officer Mendel to help him . He interviews Connie Sachs , who was sacked by Alleline after deducing that Alexei Polyakov , a Soviet cultural attaché in London , was a spy . Tarr tells Smiley that , on a mission to Istanbul , he had had an affair with Irina , a Soviet agent . She wanted to reveal the name of a mole in the top ranks of the Circus , but when Tarr reported this to London , they ignored him and ordered him straight home , whereas Moscow immediately kidnapped Irina . Tarr concluded that the mole had intercepted his message , and went into hiding , suspected of defecting and murdering the British station chief . Smiley sends Guillam to steal the Circus logbook for the night Tarr called : he finds the pages for that night are cut out , suggesting that Tarr s story is true . Smiley interviews Prideaux , who after brutal interrogation was exchanged by the Soviets but sacked from the service . Prideaux says the purpose of the mission to Hungary was to get the name of the mole . Control had codenamed the suspects Tinker ( Alleline ) , Tailor ( Haydon ) , Soldier ( Bland ) , Poorman ( Esterhase ) , and Beggarman ( Smiley himself ) . Smiley learns that Alleline , Haydon , Bland , and Esterhase have been meeting Polyakov—the Witchcraft source—at a safe house , where Polyakov gives them supposedly high-grade Soviet intelligence in exchange for low-grade British material , to help him maintain his cover with the Soviets . However , the mole is passing substantive material , including US intelligence , to Polyakov , his handler , whilst Polyakov s material has just enough substance to persuade the CIA to share information with the British . Smiley blackmails the location of the safe house out of Esterhase , whose exile status makes him vulnerable to deportation . Smiley then has Tarr appear at the Paris office , implying he knows who the mole is . The mole meets Polyakov at the safe house , where Smiley arrests him : he is Bill Haydon . The Circus plans to exchange Haydon with the Soviets , but he is killed by Prideaux , who was implied to have been Haydon s lover and betrayed by him in the Budapest incident . Smiley returns to the Circus as its new chief .