On a snowy Christmas night , Tucker and Esther Cobblepot throw their deformed infant child Oswald into Gotham River , fearing he would become a menace to society after attacking their pet cat . His crib floats to an abandoned zoo and is found by a flock of penguins who raise him as one of their own . 33 years later , during the lighting of Gotham City s Christmas tree , a villainous gang of carnival performers stage a riot . While Batman subdues the criminals , corrupt businessman Max Shreck falls through a trapdoor and is brought to the underground lair of the grotesque crime boss known as The Penguin ( he is Oswald as an adult ) . A former sideshow freak , The Penguin explains his desire to become a respected citizen of Gotham and blackmails Shreck into helping him . Meanwhile , Shreck s secretary , Selina Kyle , inadvertently discovers her boss s plan to illegally monopolize Gotham s supply of electricity . To protect his secrets , Shreck pushes her out of his office window . Falling through several canopies , Selina miraculously survives but lies unconscious in an alley . A group of cats swarm around her , and while attempting to eat her , they revive her , gifting her with eight more lives . Traumatized , Selina develops dissociative identity disorder and , after having a mental breakdown and trashing her apartment , she fashions a black vinyl costume and whip , becoming the formidable Catwoman . Shreck arranges for one of Penguin s men to kidnap the Mayor s infant son , allowing the Penguin to rescue him . As a reward , the Penguin is given access to the Gotham City Archives , where he learns his real name , and that he is the last surviving member of his family . Meanwhile , the Mayor , persuaded by Bruce Wayne , refuses to give Shreck a construction permit for his power plant . The Penguin orders his gang to attack downtown Gotham , ruining the Mayor s reputation and giving Shreck the opportunity to propose Penguin as a replacement . Batman confronts the Penguin , but Catwoman appears while firebombing Shreck s department store , and Penguin escapes . After a fight in which Batman knocks her off a building , Catwoman survives by landing in a truck full of kitty litter . Catwoman agrees to help Penguin with a plan to ruin Batman s reputation by framing him for the abduction of Gotham s Ice Princess beauty queen . While traversing the rooftops to find the Ice Princess , Penguin s goons disassemble the Batmobile and plant a device into the car that will allow Penguin to control it . Distracted by Catwoman , Batman is unable to stop Penguin from murdering the Princess using a swarm of captive bats . When Catwoman rejects the Penguin s amorous advances , he responds by attacking her with his motorized helicopter umbrella . As the umbrella takes her up into the sky , Catwoman narrowly cheats death again as she falls into a rooftop greenhouse . Fleeing from the police , Batman realizes that the Penguin is remotely controlling the Batmobile , taking it on a rampage through Gotham . Batman disables the control device , but not before recording the Penguin s mocking insults about how gullible the people of Gotham are . At a press conference for Penguin organized by Shreck , Batman broadcasts the recording , destroying the Penguin s public image . Enraged , the Penguin flees to the sewers and orders his gang to kidnap all of the first born sons of Gotham s citizens . At a masquerade ball hosted by Shreck , Bruce and Selina deduce each other s secret identities . The Penguin suddenly invades the party and reveals his intention to drown the kidnapped children , including Shreck s son Chip , in sewage water , prompting Shreck to offer himself instead . Batman defeats the kidnappers , forcing Penguin to unleash an army of penguin soldiers to destroy Gotham with missiles . Piloting the Batboat through the sewers , Batman redirects the penguins to instead fire on Penguin s hideout . The Penguin attacks Batman in a rage , but ends up falling through the ceiling of his lair and into the toxic water . Catwoman ambushes Shreck in a vengeful attempt to kill him , but Batman stops her and unmasks himself . Before Bruce can reason with her , Shreck shoots him . He shoots Selina until he runs out of bullets , her now having only two lives left . Putting a taser to her lips , she kisses Shreck while grabbing hold of an exposed power cable , causing a fiery explosion . Bruce digs though the rubble but finds only Shreck s charred corpse . Mortally injured , the Penguin tries to take his umbrella to kill Batman , but collapses dead before he can finish . His penguin family carries out a makeshift funeral , pushing his body into the water . Afterwards , as Alfred drives Bruce home , Bruce spots a shadow outside resembling Catwoman . He finds a stray black cat and decides to take it home . As he leaves , the Bat-Signal lights up in the night sky as Catwoman watches from afar .