In 1593 London , William Shakespeare is a sometime player in the Lord Chamberlain s Men and poor playwright for Philip Henslowe , owner of The Rose Theatre . Shakespeare is working on a new comedy , Romeo and Ethel , the Pirate s Daughter . Suffering from writer s block , he has barely begun the play , but starts auditioning players . Viola de Lesseps , the daughter of a wealthy merchant , who has seen Shakespeare s plays at court , disguises herself as Thomas Kent to audition , then runs away . Shakespeare pursues Kent to Viola s house and leaves a note with the nurse , asking Thomas Kent to begin rehearsals at the Rose . He sneaks into the house with the minstrels playing that night at the ball , where her parents are arranging her betrothal to Lord Wessex , an impoverished aristocrat . While dancing with Viola , Shakespeare is struck speechless , and after being forcibly ejected by Wessex , uses Thomas Kent as a go-between to woo her . Wessex also asks Will s name , to which he replies that he is Christopher Marlowe . When he discovers her true identity , they begin a secret affair . Inspired by her , Shakespeare writes quickly , with help from his friend and rival playwright Christopher Kit ' Marlowe , completely transforming the play into what will become Romeo and Juliet . Then , Viola is summoned to court to receive approval for her proposed marriage to Lord Wessex . Shakespeare accompanies her , disguised as her female cousin . There , he persuades Wessex to wager ÂŁ50 that a play can capture the true nature of love , the exact amount Shakespeare requires to buy a share in the Chamberlain s Men . Queen Elizabeth I declares that she will judge the matter , when the occasion arises . When Richard Burbage , owner of the Curtain , finds out that Shakespeare has cheated him out of both money and the play , he goes to the Rose Theatre with his Curtain Theatre Company and starts a brawl . The Rose Theatre company drives Burbage and his company out and then celebrate at the local pub . Viola is appalled when she learns Shakespeare is married , albeit separated from his wife , and she realises she can not escape her duty to marry Wessex . Will discovers that Marlowe is dead , and thinks he is to blame . Lord Wessex suspects an affair between Shakespeare and his bride-to-be . Because Wessex thinks that Will is Kit Marlowe , he approves of Kit s death , and tells Viola the news . It is later learned that Marlowe had been killed in an accident . Viola finds out that Will is still alive , and declares her love for him . When Edmund Tilney , the Master of the Revels , is informed there is a woman player at The Rose , he closes the theatre for breaking the ban on women . Viola s identity is exposed , leaving them without a stage or lead actor , until Richard Burbage offers them his theatre . Shakespeare takes the role of Romeo , with a boy actor as Juliet . Following her wedding , Viola learns that the play will be performed that day , and runs away to the Curtain . Planning to watch with the crowd , Viola overhears that the boy playing Juliet can not perform , and offers to replace him . While she plays Juliet to Shakespeare s Romeo , the audience is enthralled , despite the tragic ending , until Master Tilney arrives to arrest everyone for indecency due to Viola s presence . But the Queen is in attendance and restrains Tilney , instead asserting that Kent s resemblance to a woman is , indeed , remarkable . However , even a queen is powerless to end a lawful marriage , and she orders Kent to fetch Viola because she must sail with Wessex to the Colony of Virginia . The Queen also tells Wessex , who followed Viola to the theatre , that Romeo and Juliet has won the bet for Shakespeare , and has Kent deliver his ÂŁ50 with instructions to write something a little more cheerful next time , for Twelfth Night . Viola and Shakespeare say their goodbyes , and he vows to immortalise her , as he imagines the beginnings of Twelfth Night , imagining her as a castaway disguised as a man after a voyage to a strange land.After the film s release , certain publications , including Private Eye , noted strong similarities between the film and the 1941 novel No Bed for Bacon , by Caryl Brahms and S. J. Simon , which also features Shakespeare falling in love and finding inspiration for his later plays . In a foreword to a subsequent edition of No Bed for Bacon ( which traded on the association by declaring itself A Story of Shakespeare and Lady Viola in Love ) Ned Sherrin , Private Eye insider and former writing partner of Brahms ' , confirmed that he had lent a copy of the novel to Stoppard after he joined the writing team , but that the basic plot of the film had been independently developed by Marc Norman , who was unaware of the earlier work . The film s plot can claim a tradition in fiction reaching back to Alexandre Duval s Shakespeare amoureux ou la Piece a l'Etude ( 1804 ) , in which Shakespeare falls in love with an actress who is playing Richard III . The writers of Shakespeare in Love were sued in 1999 by bestselling author Faye Kellerman . She claimed that the plotline was stolen from her 1989 novel The Quality of Mercy , in which Shakespeare romances a Jewish woman who dresses as a man , and attempts to solve a murder . Miramax Films spokesman Andrew Stengel derided the claim , filed in the US District Court six days before the 1999 Academy Awards , as absurd , and argued that the timing suggests a publicity stunt .