In Toronto , 22-year-old Scott Pilgrim is a bass guitarist in Sex Bob-Omb , a floundering garage band . To the disapproval of his friends , he is dating Knives Chau , a high school student . Scott meets an American Amazon.ca delivery girl , Ramona Flowers , having first seen her in a dream , and loses interest in Knives . When Sex Bob-Omb plays in a battle of the bands sponsored by record executive G-Man Graves , Scott is attacked by Ramona s ex-boyfriend Matthew Patel . Scott defeats Patel and learns that , in order to date Ramona , he must defeat the remaining six evil exes . Scott breaks up with Knives , who blames Ramona and swears to win him back . Scott defeats Ramona s second evil ex , Hollywood actor and skateboarder Lucas Lee , by tricking him into performing a dangerous stunt . He defeats her third ex , vegan Todd Ingram , who is dating Scott s ex-girlfriend , Envy Adams , by tricking him into drinking dairy . He defeats Ramona s fourth ex , Roxy Richter , by prodding the spot behind her knee , which Ramona tells him is her weak point . Scott becomes upset with Ramona s dating history , and Ramona breaks up with him . At the next battle of the bands , Sex Bob-Omb defeats Ramona s fifth and sixth evil exes , twins Kyle and Ken Katayanagi , earning Scott a 1-up . Ramona gets back with her seventh evil ex , Gideon , also known as G-Man Graves , the sponsor of the event . Sex Bob-Omb accept Gideon s record deal , except for Scott , who leaves the band in protest . Gideon invites Scott to his venue , the Chaos Theater , where Sex Bob-Omb is playing . Resolving to win Ramona back , Scott challenges Gideon to a fight for her affections , earning the Power of Love and a sword . Knives fights Ramona over Scott , and Scott accidentally reveals that he dated them concurrently . After Gideon kills Scott , Ramona visits him in limbo and reveals that Gideon has implanted her with a mind control device . Scott uses his 1-up to restore his life . He makes peace with his friends and challenges Gideon again , this time for himself . He gains the Power of Self-Respect and disarms Gideon with the sword it grants him . He apologizes to Ramona and Knives for cheating on them , and Scott and Knives join forces to defeat Gideon . Free from Gideon s control , Ramona prepares to leave . Knives accepts that her relationship with Scott is over . At her encouragement , he follows Ramona .