Randall Peltzer , a struggling inventor , visits a Chinatown antique store in the hope to find a Christmas present for his son Billy . In the store , Randall encounters a small , furry creature called a mogwai ( Cantonese : 魔怪 , monster ) . The owner Mr. Wing refuses to sell the creature to Randall , though his grandson secretly sells the mogwai to Randall but tells him to remember three important rules that must never be broken – do not expose the mogwai to bright lights or sunlight which will kill it , do not let it get wet , and never feed it after midnight . Randall returns home to Kingston Falls where he gives the mogwai to Billy as a pet . Billy works in the local bank , and fears his dog Barney will be put down by Mrs. Deagle . Randall names the mogwai Gizmo and Billy makes sure to treat him well . But when Billy’s friend Pete spills a glass of water over Gizmo , five more mogwai spawn from his back , a more troublemaking sort led by the aggressive Stripe . Billy shows one of the mogwai to his former science teacher Mr. Hanson , spawning another mogwai , who Hanson experiments on . Stripe’s gang trick Billy into feeding them after midnight by chewing out the power cord to his bedside clock and transform into cocoons , as does Hanson’s mogwai . Shortly after , their cocoons hatch and they emerge as mischievous , reptilian Gremlins that torture Gizmo and try to murder Billy’s mother , while Hanson is killed by his Gremlin . All of the Gremlins are killed except Stripe , who escapes to a local YMCA and jumps into a swimming pool , spawning an army of Gremlins who wreak massive chaos around Kingston Falls . Billy tries to warn the police but they don’t believe him . Many people are injured or outright killed by the Gremlins’ rampage , including Mrs. Deagle , who is launched out of her house on a stair lift that has been sabotaged by the gremlins . At the local bar , the Gremlins have fun until the barmaid Kate Beringer , Billy’s girlfriend , flashes them with a camera and escapes into the bank with Billy and Gizmo . While hiding , she reveals her father died in a chimney while dressed as Santa Claus . Billy and Kate discover the town has fallen silent and the Gremlins are watching Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in a theater . They set off an explosion , killing all the Gremlins except Stripe . Billy chases Stripe into a Montgomery Ward store , where Stripe climbs into a water fountain and tries to spawn more Gremlins . Gizmo arrives in a toy car and opens a skylight , exposing Stripe to extreme sunlight and melting him . In the aftermath of the Gremlins’ rampage , Mr. Wing appears to collect Gizmo , scolding the Peltzers for their carelessness , thinking the Western world is not ready but comments that Billy might some day be ready to care for Gizmo properly . Gizmo likewise believes so , having become attached to Billy . Mr. Wing departs with Gizmo in tow , while Randall narrates to the audience to check their house if things go wrong , because there just might be a Gremlin in your house .