In the year 2274 , the remnants of human civilization live in a sealed city contained beneath a cluster of geodesic domes , a utopia run by a computer that takes care of all aspects of their life , including reproduction . The citizens live a hedonistic life but , to maintain the city , everyone must undergo the ritual of Carrousel [ sic ] when they reach the age of 30 . There , they are vaporized and ostensibly renewed . To track this , each person is implanted at birth with a life-clock crystal in the palm of their hand that changes color as they get older and begins blinking as they approach their Last Day . Most residents accept this promise of rebirth , but those who do not and attempt to flee the city are known as Runners . An elite team of policemen known as Sandmen , outfitted in predominantly black uniforms and serving in an agency of the city called Deep Sleep , are assigned to pursue and terminate Runners as they try to escape . Logan 5 and Francis 7 are both Sandmen . After terminating a Runner , to whose presence they were alerted during a Carrousel ritual , Logan finds an ankh among his possessions . Later that evening , he meets Jessica 6 , a young woman also wearing an ankh pendant . Logan takes the ankh to the computer , which tells him that it is a symbol for a secret group whose members help the Runners find Sanctuary , a mythical place where they will be safe to live out the rest of their lives ; it points out that the Sandmen have lost one thousand and fifty-six ( 1056 ) Runners that way . The computer instructs Logan to find Sanctuary and destroy it , a mission he has to keep secret from the other Sandmen of Deep Sleep , which it code-names Assignment 033-03 . It then ( by a procedure it calls a retrogram ) changes the color of his life-clock to flashing red , making him technically and suddenly four years older . In order to escape Carrousel , Logan is now forced to become a Runner . Logan meets Jessica and explains his situation . They meet with the underground group that leads them to the periphery of the city . Logan finds that the ankh symbol is actually a key that unlocks an exit from the city . They come out into a frozen cave , with Francis following closely behind . In the cave , they meet Box , a robot designed to capture food for the city from the outside . Logan discovers to his horror that Box also captures escaped Runners and freezes them . Before he ( Box ) can freeze Logan and Jessica , they escape , causing the cave to collapse on Box . Once outside , Logan and Jessica notice that their life-clocks are no longer operational . They discover that the remains of human civilization have become a wilderness . They explore an old , seemingly abandoned city , which was once Washington D.C.. In the ruins of the United States Senate chamber , they discover an elderly man . His appearance is a shock to them since neither has seen anyone over the age of 30 . The old man explains what he remembers of what happened to humanity outside of the city , and Logan realizes that Sanctuary is a myth and had been all along . However , Francis has followed them and he and Logan fight . Logan fatally wounds Francis and as he dies , he sees that Logan s life-clock is now clear and assumes that Logan has renewed . Logan and Jessica convince the old man to return to the city with them as proof that life exists outside the domed city . Leaving the man outside , the two enter and try to convince everyone that Carrousel is a lie and unnecessary . The two are captured by other Sandmen and taken to the computer . The computer interrogates Logan about Assignment 033-03 and asks if he completed his mission . But Logan insists , There is no Sanctuary . What he had found was old ruins , exposed , an old man , and that the missing Runners were all frozen . These answers , however , are not accepted by the computer , even after scanning Logan s mind , and the computer inexplicably overloads , causing the city s systems to fail violently and release the exterior seals . Logan , Jessica , and the other citizens flee the ruined city . Once outside , the citizens see the old man , the first human they have met who is older than 30 , proving that they can indeed live their lives much longer .