Former Ohio State Buckeyes quarterback and rookie FBI Agent Johnny Utah is assigned to assist experienced agent and veteran Angelo Pappas in investigating a string of bank robberies by the Ex-Presidents , a gang of robbers who wear face-masks depicting former US presidents Ronald Reagan , Richard Nixon , Lyndon B. Johnson , and Jimmy Carter to disguise their true identities . They raid only the cash drawers in the banks that they rob—never going for the vault—and are out within 90 seconds . Pursuing Pappas ' theory that the criminals are surfers , Utah goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community . He concocts a story to persuade orphaned surfer Tyler Endicott to teach him to surf , she having saved him from drowning . Through her he meets Bodhi , the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers comprising Roach , Grommet , and Nathaniel . The group are initially wary of Utah , but accept him when Bodhi recognizes him as the former college football star . As he masters the art of surfing , Utah finds himself increasingly drawn to the surfers ' adrenaline-charged lifestyle , Bodhi s philosophies , and Tyler . Following a clue retrieved by analyzing toxins found in the hair of one of the bank robbers , Utah and Pappas lead an FBI raid on another gang of surfers . Despite their criminal records , these surfers turn out to not be the Ex-Presidents and the raid inadvertently ruins a DEA undercover operation . Watching Bodhi s group surfing , Utah begins to suspect that they are the Ex-Presidents , noting how close a group they are and the way one of them moons everyone in the same manner one of the robbers does when leaving a bank . Utah and Pappas stake out a bank and the Ex-Presidents appear . Wearing a Reagan mask , Bodhi leads Utah on a furious foot chase through the neighborhood , which ends when Utah , by jumping into an aqueduct , causes an old knee injury to flare up again . Despite having a clear shot at Bodhi , Utah does not shoot and Bodhi escapes . At a campfire that night , it is confirmed that Bodhi and his gang are the Ex-Presidents . Shortly afterwards , Bodhi aggressively recruits Utah into going skydiving with the group and he accepts . After the jump , Bodhi reveals that he knows Utah is an FBI agent and has arranged for his friend Rosie , a non-surfing thug , to hold Tyler hostage . Utah is thus blackmailed into participating in the Ex-Presidents last bank robbery of the summer . As a result , Grommet , along with an off-duty police officer and a security guard—who both try to stop the robbery—are killed . Angered by Grommet s death , Bodhi knocks Utah out and leaves him at the scene . Defying their senior officer who arrests Utah for armed robbery , Pappas and Utah go to the airport where Bodhi , Roach , and Nathaniel are about to leave for Mexico . During a shootout , Pappas and Nathaniel are killed , and Roach is seriously wounded . With Roach aboard , Bodhi forces Utah onto the plane at gunpoint . Once airborne and over their intended drop zone , Bodhi and Roach put on their parachutes and jump from the plane , leaving Utah to take the blame again . With no other parachutes available , Utah jumps from the plane with Bodhi s gun and intercepts him before he lands . After landing safely , Utah s knee gives out again , allowing Bodhi to escape Utah s grasp . Bodhi meets with Rosie and releases Tyler who reunites with Utah . Roach dies of his wounds and Bodhi and Rosie leave with the money . Nine months later , Utah tracks Bodhi at Bells Beach in Victoria , Australia , where a record storm is producing lethal waves . This is an event Bodhi had talked about experiencing , calling it the 50-Year Storm . Utah attempts to bring Bodhi into custody , but Bodhi refuses . During a brawl in the surf , Utah manages to handcuff himself to Bodhi . Bodhi begs Utah to release him so he can ride the once-in-a-lifetime wave . Knowing Bodhi will not come back alive , Utah releases him , bids him farewell and sees him step towards the wave . While the authorities watch Bodhi surf to his death , Utah walks away , throwing his FBI badge into the ocean .