A narrator explains how humans were unaware that a race of intelligent extraterrestrials were making plans to occupy Earth . Ray Ferrier is a divorced crane operator longshoreman who works at a dock in Brooklyn and lives in Bayonne , NJ . Ray is estranged from his children . His former wife , Mary Ann , later drops off the children , ten-year-old daughter Rachel and teenage son Robbie , at Ray s house in Bayonne on her way to visit her parents in Boston . Unexplained changes in the weather occur , including lightning that strikes multiple times in the middle of an intersection and disrupts all electricity . Ray joins the crowd at the scene of the lightning strikes , and witnesses a massive Tripod war machine emerge from the ground and use alien weaponry to incinerate most of the witnesses . Ray collects his children , steals a car and drives to Mary Ann s home in suburban New Jersey to take refuge . The next morning , he discovers that a Boeing 747 has crashed in the street . A news team scavenging for food explain that there are multiple Tripods that have attacked major cities including New York City , Washington , D.C. , and London , and have force shields to protect them from human weapons . They also explain that the lightning was how the aliens were able to enter the Tripods . Ray decides to take the kids to Boston to be with their mother . The three are forced to abandon the stolen car after a mob takes it by force . They later survive a Tripod attack which causes a Hudson River ferry to sink . During a desperate battle between U.S. Marines and the aliens , Ray is forced to choose between being separated from Rachel and preventing Robbie from joining the fight ; he lets Robbie go with the Marines , who are overwhelmed . While escaping , Ray and Rachel are offered shelter by Harlan Ogilvy , who presumes that the aliens had buried their technology on Earth millions of years ago and has delusions that they can fight against the aliens themselves by observing their operations , as they are right next to their camp . The three remain undetected for two days , even as a probe and a group of the aliens themselves explore the basement . The next morning , Ogilvy suffers a mental breakdown while witnessing a Tripod harvesting human blood and tissue to fertilize an alien vegetation . Concerned that the aliens may hear Ogilvy s madness , Ray is forced to murder him . The basement hideout is exposed when a second probe catches them sleeping . Rachel is soon abducted by a nearby Tripod and Ray allows himself to be abducted , being placed in the same cage with Rachel and other prisoners . As the aliens select him for harvesting , Ray takes a belt of grenades into the machine , having pulled out the pins . The Tripod is destroyed and releases the cage , with Ray and Rachel making it out alive . Ray and Rachel arrive in a devastated Boston , where the Tripods are collapsing . Ray notices birds landing on a nearby Tripod , indicating that its shields are down . Ray alerts the soldiers escorting his refugee group and they shoot it down . As soldiers advance on the downed Tripod , a hatch opens releasing a liquid and then a sickly alien struggles halfway out , and then succumbs to its disease immediately . Ray and Rachel reach Mary Ann s parents ' house , where they are reunited with Mary Ann and , to their surprise , Robbie . The closing narration reveals that the aliens were immune to man s machines but were not immune to the microbes present on Earth and that , From the moment the invaders arrived , breathed our air , ate and drank , they were doomed .