In 1864 , First Lieutenant John J. Dunbar is wounded in battle at St. David s Field in Tennessee . Choosing suicide in battle over amputation of his leg , he takes a horse and rides up to and along the Confederate front lines . Despite numerous pot shots , the Confederates fail to shoot him , and while they are distracted , the Union Army successfully attack the line . Dunbar survives , receives a citation for bravery , and proper medical care . He recovers fully and is awarded Cisco , the horse who carried him , and his choice of posting . Dunbar requests a transfer to the western frontier so he can see it before it disappears . Dunbar is transferred to Fort Hays , a large fort presided over by a mentally ill and suicidal major who despises Dunbar s enthusiasm , but agrees to post him to the furthest outpost they have , Fort Sedgewick , and kills himself shortly afterwards . Dunbar travels with Timmons , a mule wagon provisioner ; they arrive to find the fort deserted and in poor condition . Despite the threat of nearby Indian tribes , Dunbar elects to stay and man the post himself . He begins rebuilding and restocking the fort and prefers the solitude afforded him , recording many of his observations in his diary . Timmons is killed by Pawnee Indians on the journey back to Ft. Hays ; his death together with that of the major who had sent them there prevents other soldiers from knowing of Dunbar s assignment to Ft. Sedgewick , and no other soldiers arrive to reinforce the post . Dunbar initially encounters his Sioux neighbors when attempts are made to steal his horse and intimidate him . Deciding that being a target is a poor prospect , he decides to seek out the Sioux camp himself and attempt dialogue , rather than wait . On his way he comes across Stands With A Fist , the white adopted daughter of the tribe s medicine man Kicking Bird , who is attempting suicide in mourning for her husband . Dunbar brings her back to the Sioux to recover , and some of the tribe begin to respect him . Eventually , Dunbar establishes a rapport with Kicking Bird and the warrior Wind In His Hair , initially visiting each other s camps . The language barrier frustrates them , and Stands With A Fist acts as interpreter , although only with difficulty remembering English from her early years before her family died during a Pawnee raid . Dunbar finds that what he had been told of the tribe was generally untrue , and develops a growing respect and appreciation of their lifestyle and customs . Learning their language , he is accepted as an honored guest by the Sioux after he tells them of a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt . When at Fort Sedgewick , Dunbar also befriends a wolf he dubs Two Socks for its white forepaws . Observing Dunbar and Two Socks chasing each other , the Sioux give him the name Dances With Wolves . During this time , Dunbar also forges a romantic relationship with Stands With A Fist and helps defend the village from an attack by the rival Pawnee tribe . Dunbar eventually wins Kicking Bird s approval to marry Stands With A Fist , and abandons Fort Sedgewick . Because of the growing Pawnee and white threat , Chief Ten Bears decides to move the tribe to its winter camp . Dunbar decides to accompany them but must first retrieve his diary from Fort Sedgewick as he realizes that it would provide the army with the means to find the tribe . However , when he arrives he finds the fort reoccupied by the U.S. Army . Because of his Sioux clothing , the soldiers open fire , killing Cisco and capturing Dunbar , arresting him as a traitor . Senior officers interrogate him , but Dunbar can not prove his story , as a corporal has found and discarded his diary . Having refused to serve as an interpreter to the tribes , Dunbar is charged with desertion and transported back east as a prisoner . Soldiers of the escort shoot Two Socks when the wolf attempts to follow Dunbar , despite Dunbar s attempts to intervene . Eventually , the Sioux track the convoy , killing the soldiers and freeing Dunbar . They assert that they do not see him as a white man , but rather , as a Sioux called Dances With Wolves . At the winter camp , Dunbar decides to leave with Stands With A Fist , since his continuing presence will endanger the tribe . As they leave , Wind In His Hair shouts to Dunbar , reminding him that he is Dunbar s friend , a contrast to their original meeting where he shouted at Dunbar in hostility . U.S. troops are seen searching the mountains but are unable to locate them , while a lone wolf howls in the distance . An epilogue states that thirteen years later the last remnants of the free Sioux were subjugated to the American government , ending the conquest of the Western frontier states and the livelihoods of the tribes on the Great Plains .