Two children , Jacques Mayol ( Jean-Marc Barr ) and Enzo Molinari ( Jean Reno ) , have grown up on the Greek island of Amorgos in the 1960s . They challenge each other to collect a coin on the sea floor and Jacques loses . Later Jacques ' father — who harvests shellfish from the seabed using a pump-supplied air hose and helmet — goes diving for shellfish . His breathing apparatus and rope gets caught and punctured by rocks on the reef and weighed down by water , he drowns . Jacques and Enzo can do nothing but watch in horror as he is killed . By the 1980s , both are well known freedivers , swimmers who can remain underwater for great times and at great depths . Enzo is on Sicily now , where he rescues a trapped diver from a shipwreck . He is a world champion freediver with a brash and strong personality , and now wishes to find Mayol and persuade him to return to no limits freediving in order to prove he is still the better of the two , in a friendly sports rivalry . Mayol himself works extensively with scientific research as a human research subject , and with dolphins , and is temporarily participating in research into human physiology in the iced-over lakes of the Peruvian Andes , where his remarkable and dolphin-like bodily responses to cold water immersion are being recorded . Insurance broker Johana Baker ( Rosanna Arquette ) visits the station for work purposes and is introduced to Jacques . She secretly falls in love with him . When she hears that Jacques will be at the World Diving Championships in Taormina , Sicily , she fabricates an insurance problem that requires her presence there , in order to meet him again . She and Jacques fall in love . However none of them realize the extent of Jaques ' allurement with the depths . Jacques beats Enzo by 3 feet ( 1 meter ) at this , their first competition and Enzo offers them a glass dolphin as a gift , and a tape measure to show the small difference between Jacques ' and Enzo’s records . Johana goes back home to New York but is fired after her deception is discovered ; she leaves New York and begins to live with Jacques . She hears the story that if one truly loves the deep sea , then a mermaid will appear at the depths of the sea , and will lead a diver to an enchanted place . At the next World Diving Championships , Enzo beats Jacques ' record . The depths at which the divers are competing enter new territory and the dive doctor suggests they should cease competing , but the divers decide to continue . Jacques is asked to look at a local dolphinarium where a new dolphin has been placed , and where the dolphins are no longer performing ; surmising that the new dolphin is homesick , the three of them break in at night to liberate the dolphin and transport her to the sea again . Back at the competition , other divers attempt to break Enzo’s new record but all fail . Jacques then attempts his next dive and reaches 400 ft ( 122m ) breaking Enzo s world record . Angered by this , Enzo prepares to break Jacques ' new world record . The doctor supervising the dive warns that the competitors must not go deeper - based upon Jacques ' bodily reactions , at around 400 ft , conditions , and in particular the pressure , will become lethal and divers will be killed if they persist in attempting such depths . Enzo dismisses the advice and attempts the dive anyway , but is unable to make his way back to the surface . Jacques dives down to rescue him . Enzo , dying , tells Jacques that the doctor was right and also that it is better down there , and begs Jacques to help him back down to the depths , where he belongs . Jacques is grief-stricken and refuses , but after Enzo dies in his arms , finally honors his dying wish and takes Enzo s body back down to 400feet , leaving him to drift to the ocean floor . Jacques - himself suffering from cardiac arrest after the dive - is rescued and brought back to the surface by supervising scuba divers and requires his heart to be restarted with a defibrillator before being placed in medical quarters to recover . Jacques appears to be recovering from the diving accident , but later experiences a strange hallucinatory dream in which the ceiling collapses and the room fills with water , and he finds himself in the ocean depths surrounded by dolphins . Johana , who has just discovered she is pregnant , returns to check up on Jacques in the middle of the night , but finds him lying awake yet unresponsive in his bed with bloody ears and a bloody nose . Johana attempts to help him , but Jacques begins to get up and walk to the empty diving boat and gets suited up for one final dive . Desperately , Johana begs Jacques not to go , saying she is alive but whatever has happened at the depths is not , but he says he has to . She tells Jacques that she is pregnant , and sorrowfully begs him to stay , but finally understands he feels he must go . The two embrace and Johana breaks down crying . Jacques then places the release cord for the dive ballast in her hand , and - still sobbing - she pulls it , sending him down to the depths he loves . Jacques descends and floats for a brief moment staring into the darkness . A dolphin then appears and - dreamlike - Jacques lets go of his harness and swims away with it into the darkness .