Hanna Heller ( Saoirse Ronan ) is a 15-year-old girl who lives with her father , Erik Heller ( Eric Bana ) in rural northern Finland , near Kuusamo . The film opens with her hunting and killing a reindeer . Since the age of two , Hanna has been trained by Erik , an ex-CIA operative from Germany , to be a skilled assassin . He teaches her hand-to-hand combat and drills her in target shooting . He left the agency , going incognito into the Arctic . Erik knows a secret that can not become public , and Marissa Wiegler ( Cate Blanchett ) , a senior CIA officer , searches for him in order to eliminate him . Erik has trained Hanna with the intent that she will kill Marissa . Due to her upbringing in the wilderness , she is unfamiliar with many aspects of modern civilisation despite having read encyclopedias . One night , Hanna tells Erik that she is ready to face their enemies . Erik digs up a radio beacon that eventually will alert the CIA to their presence . Although he warns Hanna that a confrontation with Marissa will be fatal for either her or Marissa , he leaves the final decision to Hanna who activates the beacon . Erik leaves , instructing her to meet him in Berlin . A special forces team arrives to capture Hanna and Erik , but Erik is already gone and while Hanna kills two soldiers , the rest of the soldiers assume Erik killed them before escaping . Hanna is taken to an underground CIA complex where Marissa , being suspicious , sends a body double ( Michelle Dockery ) to talk to Hanna . While talking to the double Hanna starts to cry and crawls sobbing into the lap of the double , which makes her captors uneasy . They send some guards to her cell to sedate her . As they enter the cell , Hanna kills the double along with some of the guards and escapes . In a flashback , Marissa is seen firing at a car that is carrying Hanna s mother , two-year-old Hanna , and Erik . The car crashes but the trio flees . Marissa shoots Johanna , but Erik escapes with Hanna into the woods . Hanna finds herself on the run in the Moroccan desert , where she meets bohemian British people couple Sebastian ( Jason Flemyng ) and Rachel ( Olivia Williams ) , who are on a camper-van holiday with their teenage daughter , Sophie ( Jessica Barden ) , and their younger son , Miles ( Aldo Maland ) . She stows away in the family s camper-van on the ferry ride to Spain seeking to reach Berlin . The family is nice to her , and she and Sophie become friends , even sharing a kiss together . Marissa hires Isaacs ( Tom Hollander ) , a former agent , to capture Hanna . Hanna travels with the family as they drive north . Isaacs and two skinheads trail them and eventually corner Hanna and the family in France , but she manages to escape , killing one of the assailants . Marissa catches up with the British family and during interrogation finds out that Hanna is heading to Berlin . Arriving at the address that Erik had told her , Hanna meets with Knepfler ( Martin Wuttke ) , an eccentric old magician and a friend of Erik s , who lives in an abandoned amusement park . Hanna plans a rendezvous with her father . However , Marissa and Isaacs arrive . Hanna escapes , but overhears comments that suggest Erik is not her biological father . Later , Hanna goes to her grandmother s apartment where she finds her grandmother murdered . In a conversation Erik admits to Hanna that he is not her biological father . Erik once recruited pregnant women into a program where their children s DNA was enhanced in order to create super-soldiers . After the project was shut down , its subjects were eliminated . Marissa and Isaacs arrive , intent on killing them ; Erik acts as a distraction to allow Hanna to escape . Erik kills Isaacs in a fight , but is shot by Marissa , who goes to Knepfler s house . Hanna is there , having just discovered Knepfler dead . They wound each other and eventually Marissa becomes disoriented from her wound , slows down and loses her weapon . Hanna finds the weapon and kills Marissa , echoing the deer hunting scene from the start of the film .