Lewis plays a washed-up German circus clown named Helmut Doork during the beginning of World War II and the Holocaust . Although he was once a famous performer who toured America and Europe with the Ringling Brothers , Doork is now past his prime and receives little respect . After Doork causes an accident during a show , the head clown convinces the circus owner to demote Doork . Upon returning home , Doork confides his problems to his wife Ada , and she encourages him to stand up for himself . Helmut overhears the circus owner agreeing to fire him after the head clown issues an ultimatum . Helmut is distraught . He is arrested later by the Gestapo for ranting about Germany and drunkenly mocking Adolf Hitler in a bar . Following an interrogation at the Gestapo headquarters , he is imprisoned in a Nazi camp for political prisoners . For the next three to four years , he remains there while hoping for a trial and a chance to plead his case . He tries to maintain his status among the other inmates by bragging about what a famous performer he once was . His only friend in prison is a good-hearted German named Johann Keltner , whose reason for being interned is never fully revealed but is implied to be his outspoken opposition to the Nazis . The camp receives a large group of Jewish prisoners , including several children . The other prisoners goad Doork into performing for them , but he does not realize he actually is not very good . The other prisoners beat him up and leave him in the courtyard to sulk about his predicament . He sees a group of Jewish children laughing at him from the other side of the camp , where the Jewish prisoners are being kept away from everyone else . Delighted to be appreciated again , Helmut performs for them and gains an audience for a while , until the new prison commandant orders that he stop . Helmut learns that fraternizing with Jewish prisoners is strictly forbidden . Unable to leave the children in a state of unhappiness , he continues to perform for them . The SS guards break up one of his performances ; they knock him unconscious and warn the children away from the barbed-wire fence . Horrified , Keltner fights off one of the guards , but he is quickly cornered and beaten to death . Doork is placed in solitary confinement . Seeing a use for him , the commandant assigns him to help load Jewish children on trains leading out of the internment camp , with the promise his case will be reviewed . By a twist of fate , he ends up accidentally accompanying the children on a boxcar train to Auschwitz , and he is eventually used , in Pied Piper fashion , to help lead the Jewish children to their deaths in the gas chamber . Knowing the fear the children will feel , he begs to be allowed to spend the last few moments with them . Leading them to the showers , he becomes increasingly dependent on a miracle , but there is none . He is so filled with remorse that he remains with them . As the children laugh at his antics , the film ends .