The Rangers ( Rocky DeSantos , Adam Park , Billy Cranston , Aisha Campbell , Kimberly Hart , and Tommy Oliver ) participate with Bulk and Skull in a charity skydive for the Angel Grove observatory , in anticipation of Ryan s Comet which will pass by in two days . Bulk and Skull miss the target landing zone and accidentally land on a construction site where a giant egg has been unearthed . Lord Zedd , Rita Repulsa , Goldar , and Mordant arrive at the construction site and crack open the egg , releasing Ivan Ooze , a morphological being who ruled Earth with an iron fist six thousand years earlier , before he was overthrown by Zordon and a group of young warriors under his charge . Ivan lays siege to the Rangers ' Command Center and incapacitates Zordon , robbing the Rangers of their powers . As the Rangers return to the Command Center , they find it destroyed and Zordon dying . Zordon s assistant Alpha 5 sends the Rangers to the distant planet Phaedos to obtain the Great Power and save Zordon . Ivan usurps Rita and Zedd , trapping them in a snow globe . Ivan sends his Tengu warriors to Phaedos and begins building an army . He uses his ooze to hypnotize the adults , forcing them to be his workforce to dig up his Ecto-Morphicon Titans , twin war machines built during his reign . When Fred Kelman , a friend of the Rangers ' , discovers his father missing , he finds him working at the construction site and discovers Ivan s plans . On Phaedos , the Rangers and are almost killed by the Tengu , but are rescued by Dulcea , Phaedos ' Master Warrior . After hearing of Zordon s plight , she agrees to help them and takes them to an ancient ruined temple , where the Rangers will have to overcome obstacles to acquire the power of the Ninjetti . Dulcea gives each Ranger an animal spirit : Aisha is the bear , Billy is the wolf , Rocky is the ape , Kimberly is the crane , Tommy is the falcon and Adam is the frog . The Rangers make their way to the Monolith housing the Great Power , defeat its four guardians , and retrieve the Great Power . On Earth , Ivan s Ecto-Morphicons are completely unearthed , and he unleashes them on Angel Grove ; he orders the parents to commit suicide at the construction site . Fred , Bulk , Skull and other students head to the construction site to save their parents . The Rangers return with their new animal-themed Ninja Zords and destroy one of Ivan s Ecto-Morphicons ; Ivan takes control of the other and battles the Rangers himself . Coming up with a way to defeat him , the Rangers lead Ivan into space , right into the path of Ryan s Comet , which destroys him . His destruction breaks the hypnosis and the parents are reunited with their children . The Rangers then use the Great Power to restore the Command Center and resurrect Zordon . In a mid-credits scene , Goldar briefly lounges in Zedd s throne being served by Mordant only to panic when Zedd and Rita appear having been released after Ivan was destroyed .