Melanie Daniels ( Tippi Hedren ) , a young socialite known for rather racy behavior and playing pranks , meets lawyer Mitch Brenner ( Rod Taylor ) in a San Francisco bird shop . He wants to purchase a pair of lovebirds for his sister s eleventh birthday , but the shop has none . He had seen her in court once before when her recklessness resulted in the breaking of a plate glass window , but she does not know him ; attracted , he plays a prank by pretending to mistake her for a salesperson . She is infuriated when she discovers this , even though she also likes to play practical jokes . Intrigued by his veiled advance , she finds his weekend address in Bodega Bay , purchases a pair of lovebirds , and makes the long drive to deliver them . Discovering he is not there she leaves the birdcage inside the Brenner family home , with a note . He spots her on the water through a pair of binoculars during her retreat , and races across the bay to head her off . She is attacked near shore on the town side and injured by a seagull . He invites her to dinner , and she hesitantly agrees . Melanie gets to know Mitch , his domineering mother Lydia ( Jessica Tandy ) , and his younger sister Cathy ( Veronica Cartwright ) . She also befriends local school teacher Annie Hayworth ( Suzanne Pleshette ) , Mitch s ex-lover . When she spends the night at Annie s house they are startled by a loud thud ; a gull has killed itself by flying into the front door . At Cathy s birthday party the next day , the guests are set upon by seagulls . The following evening , sparrows invade the Brenner home through the chimney . The next morning , Lydia , a widow who still sees to the family farmstead , pays a visit to a neighboring farmer to discuss the unusual behavior of her chickens . Finding his eyeless corpse , pecked lifeless by birds , she flees in terror . After being comforted by Melanie and Mitch she expresses concern for Cathy s safety at school . Melanie drives there and waits for class to end , unaware that a large flock of crows are massing in the nearby playground . Unnerved when she sees its jungle gym engulfed by them , she warns Annie , and they evacuate the children . The commotion stirs the crows into attacking , injuring several of the children . Melanie meets Mitch at a local restaurant . Several patrons describe their own encounters with aggressive bird behavior . An amateur ornithologist dismisses the reports as fanciful and argues with Melanie over them . Shortly birds begin to attack people outside the restaurant , knocking a gas station attendant unconscious while filling a car with fuel , which spills out onto the street . A bystander amidst it attempts to light a cigar , igniting a pool of gas and becoming incinerated . The explosion attracts a mass of gulls , which begin to swarm menacingly as townsfolk attempt to tackle the fire . Melanie is forced to take refuge in a phone booth . Rescued by Mitch , they return to the restaurant , where Melanie is accused of causing the attacks , which began with her arrival . The pair return to Annie s house and find that she has been killed by the crows while ushering Cathy to safety . Melanie and the Brenners seek refuge inside the family home . It is attacked by waves of birds of all different species , which several times nearly break in through barricaded doors and windows . During a night-time lull between attacks Melanie hears the sound of fluttering wings . Not wanting to disturb the others ' sleep , she enters the kitchen and sees the lovebirds are still . Realizing the sounds are emanating from above , she cautiously climbs the staircase and enters Cathy s bedroom , where she finds the birds have broken through the roof . They violently attack her , trapping her in the room until Mitch comes to her rescue . She is badly injured and nearly catatonic ; Mitch insists they must get her to the hospital and suggests they drive away to San Francisco . When he looks outside , it is dawn and a sea of birds ripple menacingly around the Brenner house as he prepares her car for their escape . The radio reports the spread of bird attacks to nearby communities , and suggests that the military may be required to intervene because civil authorities are unable to combat the unexplained attacks . In the final shot , the car carrying Melanie , the Brenners , and the lovebirds slowly makes its way through a landscape in which thousands of birds are ominously perching .