In 1941 , bugler and career soldier Private Robert E. Lee Prewitt ( Montgomery Clift ) transfers to a rifle company at Schofield Barracks on the island of Oahu . Captain Dana Dynamite Holmes ( Philip Ober ) has heard he is a talented middleweight boxer and wants him to join his regimental team to secure a promotion for Holmes . Prewitt refuses , having stopped fighting because he blinded his sparring partner and close friend over a year before . Holmes and Prewitt are both adamant . Holmes makes life as miserable as possible for Prewitt , hoping that he will give in . Holmes orders First Sergeant Milton Warden ( Burt Lancaster ) to prepare general court-martial papers after Sergeant Galovitch ( John Dennis ) first insults Prewitt and then gives an unreasonable order that Prewitt refuses to obey . Warden suggests , however , that he try to get Prewitt to change his mind by doubling up on company punishment . The other non-commissioned officers join the conspiracy . Prewitt is supported only by his friend , Private Angelo Maggio ( Frank Sinatra ) . Meanwhile , Warden begins an affair with Holmes ' neglected wife , Karen ( Deborah Kerr ) . Warden tells Karen that he is risking a twenty-year prison sentence . Sergeant Maylon Stark ( George Reeves ) has told Warden about Karen s many previous affairs at Fort Bliss , including with him . As their relationship develops , Warden asks Karen about her affairs to test her sincerity . Karen relates that Holmes has been unfaithful to her most of their marriage . She miscarried one night when Holmes returned home from seeing a hat-check girl , drunk and unable to call a doctor , resulting in her being unable to bear any more children . She then affirms her love for Warden . Prewitt and Maggio spend their liberty at the New Congress Club , a gentlemen s club where Prewitt falls for Lorene ( Donna Reed ) . She wants to marry a proper man with a proper job and live a proper life . Maggio and Staff Sergeant James R. Judson ( Ernest Borgnine ) nearly come to blows at the club over Judson s loud piano playing . Later , Judson provokes Maggio by taking his photograph of his sister from him , kissing it , and whispering in Prewitt s ear . Maggio smashes a barstool over Judson s head . Judson pulls a switchblade , but Warden intervenes . Judson backs down but warns Maggio that sooner or later he will end up in the stockade , where Judson is in charge . Karen tells Warden that if he became an officer , she could divorce Holmes and marry him . Warden reluctantly agrees to consider it . Warden gives Prewitt a weekend pass . He goes to see Lorene . Maggio then walks in drunk , having deserted his post . The military police arrest Maggio , and he is sentenced to six months in the stockade . Then Sergeant Galovitch picks a fight with Prewitt . At first , Prewitt refuses to fight back and then resorts to only body blows . His fighting spirit reemerges , and Prewitt comes close to knocking Galovitch out before Holmes finally stops the fight . Galovitch accuses Prewitt of starting the fight , but the man in charge of the detail says that it was Galovitch . Holmes lets him off the hook . The entire incident is witnessed by the base commander , who orders an investigation by the Inspector General . After Holmes ' motives are revealed , the base commander orders a court-martial . When Holmes begs for an alternative , an aide suggests for Holmes to resign his commission . Holmes ' replacement , Captain Ross ( John Bryant ) , reprimands the others involved and has the boxing team s framed photographs and trophies removed . He then demotes Galovitch to private and puts him in charge of the latrine . Maggio escapes from the stockade and dies in Prewitt s arms after telling of the abuse he suffered at Judson s hands . Prewitt tracks Judson down and kills him with the same switchblade Judson pulled on Maggio earlier , but sustains a serious stomach wound . Prewitt goes into hiding at Lorene s house . When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor , it catches military personnel by surprise . Prewitt attempts to rejoin his company under cover of darkness but is shot dead by a patrol guarding against possible saboteurs . Warden notes the irony of the boxing tournament being canceled because of the attack . When Karen finds out that Warden did not apply for officer training , she realizes they have no future together . She returns to the mainland with her husband . Lorene and Karen meet on the ship . Lorene tells Karen that her fiancĂŠ was a bomber pilot who was heroically killed during the attack . Karen recognizes Prewitt s name but says nothing .