Larry Lipton ( Woody Allen ) and his wife Carol ( Diane Keaton ) meet their older neighbors Paul ( Jerry Adler ) and Lilian ( Lynn Cohen ) House in the elevator in a pleasant encounter . But the next night , Lilian is found to have died of a heart attack . The Liptons are surprised by the death because Lilian seemed so healthy . The Liptons are also surprised by Paul s cheerfulness so soon after his wife s death . Carol becomes suspicious and starts to investigate , even inventing an excuse to visit him . An urn she finds in Paul s apartment contradicts Paul s story that Lilian had been buried . Larry becomes frustrated with Carol , telling her she s inventing a mystery . Carol sneaks into Paul s apartment while he s away and finds more telling signs . Helen s urn is missing , there are two tickets to Paris and hotel reservations with a woman named Helen Moss . Carol calls Ted ( Alan Alda ) , a close friend who agrees with Carol s suspicions and urges her to keep snooping . When Paul returns unexpectedly , Carol hides under the bed and overhears Paul s conversation with a woman whom she suspects is Helen Moss . Later , Ted tracks down where Helen Moss lives , and with Carol and Larry , they follow her to a theater owned by Paul . They discover that Helen ( Melanie Norris ) is a young actress . The three eavesdrop on Paul and Helen talking about money . A few days later , Carol spots a woman who s a dead ringer for the supposedly dead Lilian House on a passing bus . Upon Larry s suggestion that Lilian has a twin , Ted investigates but finds Lilian has none . Larry and Carol trace this mystery Lilian to a hotel and , under the pretense of delivering a personal gift , they enter her hotel room , but find her lying dead on the bedroom floor . They call the police , who subsequently find no trace of the dead body . The Liptons search the room for clues . While leaving , they get trapped in the lift and accidentally stumble across Lilian s body inside the emergency exit panel . Upon exiting to the street , they spot Mr. House putting the body in the trunk of his car . The Liptons follow him to a junk yard , where they see him dumping the body on a pile of scrap metal that s dropped into a melting furnace . With the help of Larry s friend and client Marcia Fox ( Anjelica Huston ) , they hatch a plan to bring Paul to justice by telling him they retrieved Lilian s body from the furnace . They will also trick Helen into a fake audition where her voice would be recorded , edited , and later used to harass Paul , by demanding he give Larry and Carol $ 200,000 or kill them if he wanted everything covered up . They knew he d go for the latter , and hoped the police would catch him in the act . The plan backfires as Paul kidnaps Carol and calls Larry , demanding Lilian s body , in exchange for Carol . Paul and Larry meet in the theater and get into a scuffle . Larry breaks free and searches for Carol , with Paul in pursuit . An array of mirrors and glass behind the theater reflect the movie being screened ( Orson Welles ' The Lady from Shanghai ) and mislead Paul several times . Suddenly , Paul s loyal assistant Mrs. Dalton , an older paramour earlier brushed aside by Paul in favor of Helen , shoots him in an exchange of gunfire . Larry rescues Carol and they call the police . After the cops arrive , Marcia explains that the dead body in the apartment was actually Lilian s rich sister , who bore a passing resemblance to Lilian but was not her twin . The sister had suffered a heart attack while visiting them , and the Houses decided to take advantage of the situation by claiming that it was Lilian who had died . Lilian would then assume the identity of her sister ( a recluse living at the hotel ) in order to manipulate her sister s will naming Lilian and Paul as sole beneficiaries . But Paul then double-crossed and killed Lilian , too , so he could run off with Helen .