Ben Hildebrand and 12-year-old Eric Kirby go parasailing around the waters of Isla Sorna . An unknown creature attacks and kills the boat crew , forcing Ben to detach the line ; he and Eric drift towards the island . On the mainland , Dr. Alan Grant has become famous after his involvement at Jurassic Park , while Ellie Sattler is married and has two children . Grant discusses with Sattler how raptors are far more intelligent than they had previously believed . At a dig site , Grant s assistant , Billy Brennan , demonstrates how he can use a 3D printer to replicate a Velociraptor larynx . Paul and Amanda Kirby , a wealthy couple , offer Grant funding for his research if he will give them an aerial tour of Isla Sorna . Desperate for research support , Grant reluctantly agrees . He flies there along with Paul , Amanda , Billy , and the Kirbys ' mercenary associates , Udesky , Cooper , and their pilot Nash . On the plane , Grant learns that the Kirbys actually plan to land on the island . When Grant opposes , he is knocked out by Cooper and wakes to the sound of Amanda using a megaphone . This attracts a Spinosaurus , which devours Cooper and Nash , and causes the plane to crash into the forest . Fleeing , the survivors briefly lose the Spinosaurus , only to encounter a Tyrannosaurus rex . The Spinosaurus returns , but the group escapes while the two carnivores fight each other . The Spinosaurus overpowers the T. rex and kills it . Grant learns the Kirbys are actually a middle-class divorced couple , who are looking for their son Eric , and Amanda s boyfriend Ben , who have been missing on the island for eight weeks . Later , the group finds the parasail with Ben s corpse attached . The group takes the parasail , and then encounter raptor nests . They find an abandoned InGen compound , where Amanda is ambushed by a raptor . The group manages to trap it , but it escapes and contacts the rest of its pack . The group flees into a herd of Corythosaurus and Parasaurolophus , causing a stampede , separating Grant and Udesky from the others . Grant retrieves Billy s satchel , while Udesky is killed by the raptors . Grant suspects the raptors are searching for something , while observing two of them communicating . He is then ambushed and cornered by the raptors , but is rescued by Eric , who managed to survive in an overturned water truck . The next day , Grant and Eric hear Paul s satellite phone ringing and are reunited with the Kirbys and Billy . Paul explains that he gave the phone to Nash before he was devoured , before the group is attacked by the Spinosaurus . After the group escapes , Grant discovers Billy took two raptor eggs to use for funding , which provoked the raptor attacks . He decides to keep the eggs to ensure the group s survival . The group unknowingly enters a large aviary used to house Pteranodons , which attack the group and fly away with Eric . Billy rescues Eric by using Ben s parasail , but is then attacked and seemingly killed by the Pteranodons . The rest of the group escapes the aviary , unintentionally leaving the door unlocked . They make their way downriver using a boat . That night , the group hears the phone ringing buried in feces of the Spinosaurus and retrieve it . As rain falls , Grant tries to contact Sattler , but the Spinosaurus attacks the boat . Grant and Paul scare it off by setting the boat s fuel on fire . The next day , the group makes their way towards the shoreline , but are surrounded by the raptors once again . The eggs are surrendered to the raptors , while Grant uses the replicated raptor larynx to confuse the pack , who run off with the eggs . The group flees to the coast and find that Sattler had called in the U.S. Marine Corps and the U.S. Navy to rescue them . They discover that Billy , while seriously injured , is still alive . As they leave the island , they see the Pteranodons flying free , and Grant muses they are looking for new nesting grounds .