Amidst a storm , a boat is being piloted across the South China Sea by John Finnegan ( Treat Williams ) . With him are his crewmen Joey Tooch Pantucci ( Kevin J. O'Connor ) and Joey s girlfriend Leila ( Una Damon ) . Finnegan has been hired to transport a group of mercenaries , led by a man named Hanover ( Wes Studi ) , to an undisclosed location in the middle of the ocean . Meanwhile , the luxury cruise ship Argonautica , the brainchild of Simon Canton ( Anthony Heald ) , is undertaking its maiden voyage . Canton and the ship s captain , Atherton ( Derrick O'Connor ) , discover a woman named Trillian ( Famke Janssen ) attempting to steal from the ship s vault . They lock her in a storeroom as the brig is incomplete . Soon after , a saboteur disables the ship s navigation and communication systems . A large object is then detected on the sonar , rising from beneath and headed towards the ship . It collides with the vessel , bringing it to a violent stop and leaving it dead in the water , while the panicking passengers begin to be attacked by unseen creatures . Soon afterwards , Finnegan s boat collides with a speedboat shaken loose from the Argonautica , causing severe damage . It is revealed the mercenaries intend to rob the ship s vault and its wealthy passengers , before sinking the vessel with their torpedoes . The majority of the group transfer over to the ship while Leila and mercenary Billy ( Clint Curtis ) remain on Finnegan s boat to conduct repairs . The others explore the ship , finding only blood and damaged superstructure . They also begin to hear screeches and ominous sounds on the ship . Back on Finnegan s boat , Leila is violently dragged overboard , while Billy also disappears . Finnegan and Joey go to the cruiseliner s engine room to scavenge parts to repair their vessel’s engines , under guard of T-Ray ( Trevor Goddard ) and Mamooli ( Cliff Curtis ) . Though the creatures kill both mercenaries , Finnegan and Joey escape with the necessary parts . They run into Trillian , who has escaped from the storeroom , and are confronted by the remaining mercenaries , who still intend to break into the ship s vault before leaving . Vivo ( Djimon Hounsou ) opens the vault , but is axed by Canton , who was hiding inside with Captain Atherton , as well as three passengers who are then machine-gunned by Mulligan ( Jason Flemyng ) . Canton and Atherton explain that the ship was attacked by unknown creatures that killed everyone else on board ; the group soon discovers human skeletons stripped clean of flesh in the bottom of the ship . After questioning , Canton is also found to be responsible for sabotage of the Argonautica ; having realised he created an unprofitable vessel , he hired the mercenaries to sink the ship so that he could collect on the insurance ; the mercenaries ' payment was to be by way of their robbery , while Canton insists the passengers would ve been safely evacuated in the lifeboats . The group is suddenly attacked by the creatures , revealed to be giant tentacles , one of which is shot open , revealing a half-digested Billy . Captain Atherton is also killed , and the remaining survivors reluctantly agree to work together to escape . Canton theorises that the tentacles are an extreme evolution of smaller deep-sea worms which strip their prey of body fluids and then eject the carcass . The group is forced to swim through a flooded section of the ship to reach an exit ; Mason ( Clifton Powell ) is the last in line and is attacked , and he kills himself with a grenade . Once through , Mulligan goes insane and attempts to stand alone against the creatures , giving the others a chance to escape before he too is killed . It soon becomes apparent that the tentacles are herding the survivors to the bow , where they find a feeding room full of the passengers’ and crew’s carcasses . The tentacles then break through the hull and flood the lower decks , separating the survivors . Hanover tries to sacrifice Joey to save himself , but Joey escapes and Hanover is himself taken . Canton realises the ship is sinking and plans to abandon the others to their fate . Finnegan and Joey spot an island in the distance and make it back to Finnegan s boat , but they have lost their engine parts , rendering it useless as a means of escape . They instead set the boat s autopilot to crash into the Argonautica and detonate the mercenaries ' torpedoes . Finnegan returns to the ship to find jet skis they can use to reach the island , but is forced instead to rescue Trillian from Canton , who intends to eliminate her as she is a witness to his scheme . Canton escapes moments before the tentacles smash through the deck from below , revealing them to be part of a single giant creature , which attacks Finnegan and Trillian . Barely escaping , they return to Finnegan s boat , where they discover Joey gone amidst evidence of another attack . Finnegan sets the boat s autopilot and leaves the doomed cruiseliner on a jet ski with Trillian . Desperate to escape , Canton jumps aboard Finnegan s boat , but can not disable the autopilot and dies after its collision with the Argonautica , the explosion destroying the entire ship and killing the creature . Finnegan and Trillian reach the nearby jungle-filled island where they are reunited with Joey , who survived the ordeal and paddled ashore using Finnegan s surfboard . As the three relax , a loud roar echoes from the forest and something huge crashes toward them through the trees . The camera pans out to reveal multiple active volcanoes within the core of the island , while an exasperated Finnegan mutters , Now what ?