To celebrate his upcoming marriage to Tracy Garner , Doug Billings travels to Las Vegas with his best friends Phil Wenneck and Stu Price , and Tracy s brother Alan , in Doug s future father-in-law s vintage Mercedes-Benz . They spend the night at Caesars Palace , where they relax in the room before celebrating with a few drinks on the hotel rooftop . The next morning , Phil , Stu , and Alan awaken to find they have no memory of the previous night , and Doug is nowhere to be found . Stu s tooth is in Alan s pocket , their hotel suite is in a state of complete disarray , a tiger is in their bathroom , a chicken in their living room , and a baby is in the closet , whom they name Carlos . They find Doug s mattress impaled on a statue outside of their hotel and when they ask for their Mercedes , the valet delivers an LVPD police cruiser . Using clues to retrace their steps , the trio travel to a hospital where they discover they were drugged with Rohypnol ( roofies ) , causing their memory loss , and that they came to the hospital from a chapel . At the chapel , they learn that Stu married a stripper named Jade , despite being in a long-term relationship with his girlfriend Melissa . Outside the chapel , the trio is attacked by gangsters saying they are looking for someone . They flee and visit Jade , discovering that she is the baby s mother , whose real name is Tyler . They are then arrested by the police for stealing the police cruiser . After being told that the Mercedes has been impounded , the trio is released when they unknowingly volunteer to be targets for a taser demonstration . While driving the Mercedes , they discover a naked Chinese man named Leslie Chow in the trunk . Chow jumps out of the trunk , beats the trio up with a crowbar and flees . Alan confesses that he drugged their drinks to ensure they had a good night , believing the drug to be ecstasy . Returning to their villa , they find the boxer Mike Tyson , who orders the trio to return the tiger to his mansion immediately . Stu drugs the tiger with the remaining Rohypnol , and they drive towards Tyson s home in the Mercedes . However , the tiger awakens and attacks them , clawing Phil on the neck and damaging the car s interior . After pushing the car the rest of the way to the mansion , Tyson shows the trio footage of them at his house to help them locate Doug . While driving , their car is intentionally t-boned by another vehicle . The passengers are revealed to be the gangsters from the chapel , and their boss Chow ( the naked man from the trunk ) . Chow accuses the trio of kidnapping him and stealing $ 80,000 that was in his purse . As the trio denies this , Chow tells them he has Doug , and threatens to kill him if his money is not returned . Unable to find Chow s $ 80,000 , Alan , with help from Stu and Jade , uses his knowledge of card counting to win $ 82,400 playing Blackjack . They meet with Chow and exchange the money , only to find that Doug is the black drug dealer , who accidentally sold Alan the Roofies . With the wedding set to occur in 5 hours , Phil calls Tracy and tells her that they can not find Doug . When Black Doug mentions that , If you take Roofies , you re more likely to end up on the floor than on the roof , Stu realizes where Doug is . The trio travels back to their hotel where they find a delirious and badly sunburned Doug on the roof . Stu , Phil , and Alan moved him there on his mattress the night before as a practical joke , but forgot where they left him . Doug s mattress had been thrown onto the statue by Doug , in an attempt to signal help . Before leaving , Stu makes arrangements to go on a date with Jade the following week . With less than four hours before the wedding and with no flights to L.A. available , the four race home . Along the way , Doug reveals he has possession of Chow s original $ 80,000 . Despite their late arrival , Doug and Tracy are married , the former learns the damaged Mercedes was a wedding gift , and Stu angrily breaks up with Melissa , having grown tired of her controlling attitude . As the reception ends , Alan finds Stu s digital camera containing photos of the events they can not remember , and the four agree to look at the pictures together before deleting the evidence of their exploits . All of them , with the exception of Alan , are deeply disturbed by the pictures , which are shown during the credits .