The film is presented in a nonlinear narrative , jumping between various days within the 500 days of Tom and Summer s relationship . This is a linear summary of the plot . On January 8 , Tom Hansen meets Summer Finn , his boss s new assistant . Tom is trained as an architect but works as a writer at a greeting card company in Los Angeles . Following a karaoke night , Tom s friend and co-worker McKenzie reveals that Tom likes Summer . During the next few months Summer and Tom grow closer , despite Summer s telling him that she does not believe in true love and does not want a boyfriend . Tom shows Summer his favorite spot in the city , which overlooks a number of buildings he likes , although the view is spoiled by parking lots . After several months of dating , Tom gets into a fight with a man who flirts with Summer , and Tom and Summer have their first argument . On day 290 , Summer and Tom end their relationship after they see The Graduate , a film Summer is visibly moved by , but Tom is unaffected by . Tom does not take the breakup well , and his friends call his younger sister , Rachel , to calm him down . Summer quits her job at the greeting card company . Tom s boss moves him to the consolations department , as his depression is not suitable for happier events . Months later , Summer and Tom attend their co-worker Millie s wedding , where they dance together and Summer catches the bouquet . They sit next to each other on the trip home , and Summer invites Tom to a party at her apartment . He attends the party expecting to rekindle their relationship ; instead , he barely gets to talk to Summer and spends most of the night alone drinking , until he spots her wearing an engagement ring . Tom leaves , close to tears . He enters a deep depression , only leaving his apartment for alcohol and junk food . After a few days , he returns to work with a hangover , and after an emotional outburst , quits his job . He rededicates himself to architecture , making a list of firms , assembling a portfolio , and attending interviews . On day 488 , Summer sees Tom at his favorite spot in the city , and they talk . Tom expresses his confusion about her actions . Summer explains that Tom was right that true love exists , and that she discovered someone else she had all the feelings for , which she had never been sure about with Tom . Summer holds Tom s hand . She says she is glad to see he is doing well . As she leaves , Tom tells her he really hopes she is happy . Twelve days later , on Wednesday , May 23 , Tom attends a job interview and meets a beautiful girl who is also applying for the same job . He finds that she shares his favorite spot and dislike for the parking lots . Just before the interview , he makes a date to have coffee with her afterwards . She tells him her name is Autumn .