In 2047 , a distress signal is received from the Event Horizon , a starship that disappeared during its maiden voyage to Proxima Centauri seven years before . The rescue vessel Lewis and Clark is dispatched on a rescue mission . On board are Captain Miller and his crew – Lieutenant Starck , Pilot Smith , Medical Technician Peters , Engineer Ensign Justin , Trauma Doctor D.J. , and Rescue Technician Cooper . They are joined by the Event Horizon s designer , Dr. William Weir . The Doctor briefs the crew , telling them that the Event Horizon was built to test an experimental gravity drive . The drive generates an artificial black hole and uses it to bridge two points in spacetime , reducing travel time over astronomical distances . Upon boarding the Event Horizon , the crew finds evidence of a massacre . As they search for survivors , the ship s gravity drive automatically activates . Justin is briefly pulled into the resulting portal . As he is pulled out , he is in a catatonic state , terrified by what he saw on the other side . After he attempts suicide , the crew places him in stasis . At the same time , the activation causes a shock wave that damages the Lewis and Clark , forcing the entire crew to board the Event Horizon . The team begin to experience hallucinations corresponding to their fears and regrets : Miller sees Corrick , a subordinate he was forced to abandon to his death ; Peters sees her son with his legs covered in bloody lesions ; and Weir sees his late wife , with missing eyes , urging him to join her . They soon discover a video log of the Event Horizon s crew as they went insane and mutilated each other . The video log ends with a shot of the Event Horizon s captain , who has apparently gouged out his own eyes , holding them up to the camera and saying in Latin , liberate tuteme ex inferis ( lit . save yourself from hell ) . Miller and D.J . deduce that the ship s gravity drive opened a gateway into a dimension outside the known universe . Weir theorizes that this hellish dimension turned the Event Horizon into a sentient being , which torments its occupants and lures them back to hell . Miller decides to destroy the Event Horizon . Weir , now possessed by the evil presence , uses an explosive device to destroy the Lewis and Clark . The explosion kills Smith and blasts Cooper off into space . Peters is lured to her death by a hallucination of her son . Weir kills D.J . by vivisecting him and corners Starck on the bridge . Miller confronts Weir , who overpowers him and initiates a 10-minute countdown , after which the Event Horizon will return to the other dimension . Cooper , having used his space suit s oxygen supply to propel himself back to the ship , appears at the bridge window . Without thinking , Weir shoots at him , breaking the window , and is blown out into space by the ensuing decompression . Miller , Starck , and Cooper survive and manage to seal off the ship s bridge . With their own ship destroyed , Miller plans to split the Event Horizon in two and use the forward section of the ship as a lifeboat . He is attacked by manifestations of Corrick and a resurrected Weir . Miller fights them off and detonates the explosives , sacrificing himself . The gravity drive activates , pulling the ship s rear section into a black hole . Starck and Cooper enter stasis , beside a comatose Justin , and wait to be rescued . Seventy-two days later , the Event Horizon is boarded by a rescue party , who discover the remaining crew still in stasis . A newly awakened Starck sees Weir posing as one of the rescuers , then wakes up screaming and is comforted by Cooper . As Cooper restrains the terrified Starck and one of the rescuers calls for a sedative , the doors ominously close .