Buford Pusser ( Joe Don Baker ) , at his wife Pauline s ( Elizabeth Hartman ) behest , retires from the professional wrestling ring and moves back to Tennessee to start a logging business with his father , Carl Pusser ( Noah Beery , Jr. ) . With a friend , he visits a gambling and prostitution establishment , the Lucky Spot , and is beaten up after catching the house cheating at craps . Pusser is seriously injured with a knife and receives over 200 stitches . He complains to the sheriff but is ignored , and soon becomes aware of the rampant corruption in McNairy County . Later , working at his dad s lumber mill , Pusser makes a club out of a tree branch . Late one night , Pusser waits until after the Lucky Spot is closed , and beats up the same thugs that left him for dead . The next day , Pusser is arrested and represents himself at trial . At one point , he rips off his shirt and shows the jury his scars . He informs them that If you let them do this to me and get away with it , then you re giving them the eternal right to do the same damn thing to any one of you ! The jury finds Pusser not guilty , and he decides to clean up the county and runs for sheriff . Buford Pusser wins , and becomes famous for being incorruptible , intolerant of crime , and for his array of four-foot hickory clubs which he uses to great effect in dispatching criminals and destroying their clandestine gambling dens and illegal distilleries . Some residents praise Buford Pusser as an honest cop in a crooked town ; others denounce him as a bully willing to break some laws to uphold others . Pusser is attacked several times , and finally he and Pauline are ambushed in their car . Pauline is killed and Pusser is seriously injured . He is admitted to the hospital after being shot and while still in a neck and face cast , attends his wife s funeral with his family . Afterward he rams a sheriff cruiser through the front doors of the Lucky Spot , killing two of his would-be assassins . As he leaves with two deputies , the townspeople arrive and begin throwing the gambling tables out into the parking lot . They light a bonfire as an overwhelmed Pusser wipes tears from his eyes .