In the opening credits , hands made of sewing needles are seen recreating a button-eyed doll to resemble an 11-year-old girl named Coraline Jones before sending it out into a void . Coraline Jones , an adventurous 11-year old girl , and her family move from Pontiac , Michigan , to Ashland , Oregon , into the Pink Palace Apartments , a divided mansion . The other residents include retired actresses Ms. Spink and Forcible and eccentric Russian acrobat Mr. Bobinsky . Coraline finds her new home boring , and her parents hardly pay any attention to her adventures , as they are always seemingly busy working on a garden catalogue . Coraline meets Wyborn Wybie Lovat , the grandson of the apartments ' landlady , Mrs. Lovat , who has a missing twin sister . Coraline also meets a black cat that follows Wybie around . While exploring , she is given a doll that looks like her by Wybie and finds a small brick-sealed door which can only be unlocked by a small black key with a button for a handle . That night , Coraline follows a mouse through the door , where she discovers the bricks have been replaced by a long corridor . Coraline goes through it and finds herself in the Other World , which is another , smaller world . Its inhabitants have buttons instead of eyes . Her Other Mother and Other Father are more warm and attentive than her real parents , and they have dinner together before tucking her in in her Other Bedroom . To her dismay , Coraline wakes up in her real bedroom and is unable to convince her parents that she has actually visited the Other World . Despite warnings from one of her neighbours , Coraline frequents the Other World . During her visits , she sees the garden that from sky looks like her face , she meets the Other Wybie , who is mute ; the Other Mr. Bobinsky , who ringmasters a jumping mouse circus ; and the Other Miss Spink and Forcible , who perform theatrical acts . The Cat also goes into the Other World and is able to disappear and appear behind objects and can talk . On the third visit , the Other Mother invites Coraline to stay in the Other World forever , on condition that she have buttons sewn over her eyes like everyone else . Horrified , Coraline tries to escape . The Cat tells her about the true nature of the Other Mother , as well as the Other World , and how she d just love something to eat . Coraline demands the Other Mother let her return to the real world , but she transforms and imprisons Coraline behind a mirror . There , she meets three ghost children , one of them Mrs. Lovat s missing twin sister ; victims of the Other Mother , whom they refer to as the Beldam . They tell Coraline that the doll was sent to them to show the Other Mother what was wrong with their lives , then lured them away and tricked them into having buttons sewn over their eyes , eventually eating up their lives behind the mirror . In order to escape , they need their real eyes , which the Other Mother has hidden . Coraline promises to find their eyes moments before the Other Wybie grabs her . She finds out that his mouth has been stitched shut into a horrific grin by the Other Mother , but he helps her escape back to the real world . She also encounters the real Wybie again who asks for the doll but after hearing her stories of the doll and the Other World runs away believing she is crazy . The Cat tells her that her parents have been kidnapped by the Other Mother . She sees them write a message of Help Us through the mirror . Coraline burns the doll . Coraline returns to the Other World to play a game with the Other Mother : to find her parents and the children s eyes . If she can not , she will stay forever . Coraline manages to retrieve the children s eyes from the various wonders and the twisted inhabitants that the Other Mother made for her . She then confronts the Other Mother , who has reverted into her true form , an arachnoid witch with sewing needle-finger hands . One of the ghost children warns her that the Other Mother will never let her go , even if she wins . Coraline finds and frees her real parents from a snow globe and manages to trick the Other Mother and escape , blinding her and severing her right hand . Coraline s parents return with no memory of being kidnapped . The ghosts appear to Coraline in a dream to warn her that she is still in danger and that she must get rid of the key , or the Other Mother will find it . As Coraline prepares to drop the key into a well , she is attacked by the Other Mother s severed hand , but is saved by Wybie , who crushes it with a rock . Coraline throws the key and the pieces of the hand down the well . The next day , Coraline hosts a garden party for her neighbors and prepares to tell Mrs. Lovat about her adventures .