A Senate Armed Services Committee interviews a candidate for the position of Secretary of the Navy . Senator Lillian DeHaven ( Anne Bancroft ) from Texas criticizes the Navy for not being gender-neutral . Behind the curtains , a deal is struck : If women compare favorably with men in a series of test cases , the military will integrate women fully into all branches of the Navy . The first test is the training course of the ( fictional ) U.S. Navy Combined Reconnaissance Team ( similar to U.S. Navy SEAL BUD/S ) . Senator DeHaven hand-picks topographical analyst Lieutenant Jordan O'Neil ( Demi Moore ) , because she is physically more feminine than the other candidates . To make the grade , O'Neil must survive a grueling selection program in which almost 60 percent of all candidates wash out , most in the first week ( hell week ) . The enigmatic Command Master Chief John James Urgayle ( Viggo Mortensen ) runs the brutal training program that involves 20-hour days of tasks designed to wear down recruits ' physical and mental strength , including pushing giant ship fenders up beach dunes , working through obstacle courses , and hauling landing rafts . Given a 30-second time allowance in an obstacle course , O'Neil demands to be held to the same standards as the male trainees . Eight weeks into the program , during SERE training , the Master Chief ties her to a chair with her hands behind her back , grabs hold of her and slams her through the door , then picking her up off the floor he repeatedly dunks her head in ice cold water in front of the other crew members . O'Neil fights back , and is successful in causing him some injury despite her immobilized arms . In so doing , she acquires respect from him , as well as from the other trainees . Navy leaders , confident that a woman would quickly drop out , become concerned . Civilian media learn of O'Neil s involvement , and she becomes a sensation known as G.I . Jane . Soon she must contend with trumped up charges that she is a lesbian , and is fraternizing with women . O'Neil is told that she will be given a desk job during the investigation and , if cleared , will need to repeat her training . She decides to ring out ( ringing a bell three times , signaling her voluntary withdrawal from the program ) rather than accept a desk job . It is later revealed that the photo evidence of O'Neil s alleged fraternization came from Senator DeHaven s office . DeHaven never intended for O'Neil to succeed ; she used O'Neil as a bargaining chip to prevent military base closings in her home state ( Texas ) . O'Neil threatens to expose DeHaven , who then has the charges voided and O'Neil restored to the program . The final phase of training , an operational readiness exercise , is interrupted by an emergency that requires the CRT trainees ' support . The situation involves a reconnaissance satellite powered by weapons-grade plutonium that fell into the Libyan desert . A team of U.S. Army Rangers is dispatched to retrieve the plutonium , but their evacuation plan fails , and the trainees are sent to assist the Rangers . The Master Chief s shooting of a Libyan soldier to protect O'Neil leads to a confrontation with a Libyan patrol . During the mission , O'Neil , using her experience as a topographical analyst , realizes when she sees the team s map that the Master Chief is not going to use the route the others believe he will in regrouping with the others . She also displays a definitive ability in leadership and strategy while rescuing the injured Master Chief , whom she and McCool pull out of an explosives-laden kill zone . With helicopter gunships delivering the final assault to the defenders , the rescue mission on the Libyan coast is a success . Upon their return , all those who participated in the mission are accepted to the CRT . Urgayle gives O'Neil his Navy Cross and a book of poetry containing a short poem , Self-pity , by D. H. Lawrence , as acknowledgment of her accomplishment and in gratitude for rescuing him .