The Creed family – Louis , Rachel , and their children Ellie and Gage – move from Chicago to rural Ludlow , Maine , after Louis is offered a job as a doctor with the University of Maine . They befriend their elderly neighbor Jud Crandall , who takes them to an isolated pet cemetery in the forest behind the Creeds ' new home . On his first day at work , Louis meets Victor Pascow , a jogger who is brought in with severe injuries from a car accident . He warns Louis about the pet cemetery before he dies , calling Louis by name despite the fact they have not previously met . After he dies , Pascow comes to Louis in the night and leads him to the Pet Sematary , warning him not to cross the barrier because the ground beyond is sour . Louis awakens assuming it was a dream , but notices his feet are covered in dirt . During Thanksgiving while the family is gone , Ellie s cat Church is run down on the highway in front of the house . Realizing that Ellie will be devastated , Jud takes Louis beyond the cemetery and deep into the woods , where they reach an abandoned Micmac burial ground . Without explanation Jud instructs Louis to bury the cat and warns him not to tell anyone else about what they have done . The next day Church comes back to life , though a shell of what he was before ; he stinks , moves sluggishly , and is vicious towards Louis . Jud explains that he himself revived his beloved pet dog in the Micmac ground as a boy , and that although the cat might be different it will save Ellie the grief of losing her favorite pet . Sometime later , Gage is killed by a truck along the same highway . The family is devastated and Jud anticipates that Louis is considering burying his son in the Micmac ground , although Louis denies it . Jud believes that introducing Louis to the ritual ground aroused the malevolent forces present there , which caused Gage s death . He tells him the story of a local named Bill Baterman who buried his son Timmy in the Micmac ground after he was killed in World War II . Timmy returned as a malevolent zombie , terrifying the townsfolk . A group of men including Jud tried destroying Timmy by lighting the Baterman house on fire , only for the deranged Bill to perish with his son . Jud insists that the burial ground is evil and Louis must never try to bury his son there . After the funeral , Rachel and Ellie leave for Chicago while Louis remains home . Despite Pascow and Jud s warnings , Louis exhumes his son s body and buries him at the ritual site . In Chicago , Pascow appears to Ellie in a dream and warns her that Louis is about to do something terrible . Rachel is unnerved by her daughter s dream but is only able to reach Jud when she calls home , who tells her Louis is not home . She decides to return to Maine , much to Jud s alarm . That night , Gage returns home and steals a scalpel from his father s bag . He taunts Jud before slashing his Achilles tendon and killing him . Rachel returns home and is lured into Jud s house by the voice and specter of her dead sister Zelda , only to discover that she is actually seeing Gage , holding a scalpel . In shock and disbelief , Rachel reaches down to hug her son and he kills her . Waking up from his sleep , Louis notices Gage s muddy footprints in the house and discovers that his scalpel is missing . Receiving a phone call from Gage that he has played with Jud and Mommy , he fills two syringes with morphine and heads to Jud s house . Encountering Church , he kills the cat with an injection before entering the house . Gage taunts him further and Louis is startled by Rachel s corpse , falling hanged from the attic before he is attacked by his son . After a brief battle , Louis kills Gage with the morphine injection . He then lights the house on fire , leaving it to burn as he carries Rachel s body from the fire . Pascow appears and warns Louis not to make it worse but Louis , now grief-stricken to the point of insanity , believes that because Rachel was not dead as long as Gage was , burying her will work this time . Pascow cries out in frustration and vanishes as Louis passes through him . That night , the horribly mutilated Rachel returns to Louis and the couple embrace . Rachel takes a knife from the counter , and just as the screen cuts to black Louis ' screams of pain can be heard .