FBI Special Agent Sean Archer ( John Travolta ) survives an assassination attempt by freelance domestic terrorist and homicidal psychopath Castor Troy ( Nicolas Cage ) , but the bullet pierces through Archer s chest and hits his son Michael , killing the boy . Six years later , Archer s vendetta against Castor culminates in his team s ambush of Troy and his younger brother/accomplice Pollux ( Alessandro Nivola ) at Los Angeles International Airport . Castor goads Archer with knowledge of a bomb located somewhere in the city set to go off in a few days , but he is knocked into a coma before Archer can learn more . Archer affirms the threat is real , but is unable to convince Pollux to reveal where the bomb is located . At suggestion of his partner Tito Biondi ( Robert Wisdom ) , Archer secretly undergoes a highly experimental face transplant procedure by Dr. Malcolm Walsh ( Colm Feore ) to take on Castor s face and appearance . Archer ( now played by Cage ) is taken to the same high-security prison where Pollux is , and slowly convinces Pollux that he is Castor , gaining information on the bomb s location . Meanwhile , Castor wakes up from his coma prematurely and discovers his face missing . He calls his gang , and they force Dr. Walsh to put Archer s face on him . Castor ( now played by Travolta ) visits the prison and surprises Archer . He taunts his nemesis with how he burned down Dr. Walsh s lab with Walsh and Tito inside to eliminate all evidence of their switch and will take over Archer s life . He leaves Archer to languish while he convinces Pollux to reveal the bomb s location in exchange for release from prison . Disarming his bomb in a dramatic fashion , Castor-as-Archer gains respect from Archer s fellow FBI colleagues . Castor gets close to Archer s family that Archer neglected over his vendetta : he romances his wife Eve ( Joan Allen ) and saves his daughter Jamie ( Dominique Swain ) from an attempted rapist . Archer starts a prison riot that allows him to escape , and he then retreats to Castor s headquarters . There , Archer meets Sasha ( Gina Gershon ) , the sister of Castor s primary drug kingpin , and her son Adam whom reminds Archer of Michael . Archer learns that Adam is Castor s son , whom he once had planned to put under foster care . Castor learns of Archer s escape and hastily assembles a team to raid his headquarters . The raid turns bloody , killing many FBI agents and many of Castor s gang , including Pollux ; Archer , Sasha , and Adam are able to escape . Archer s supervisor Director Victor Lazarro ( Harve Presnell ) blames Castor for the numerous deaths . Castor , angered over Pollux s death , kills Victor and makes it look like a heart attack . Castor-as-Archer is promoted to Acting Director as plans are made for Lazarro s funeral . Archer finds safety for Sasha and Adam and approaches Eve . He persuades her to take a sample of Castor s blood and his own to compare their blood types at the hospital where she works to prove he is Archer . Convinced of her husband s identity , she tells him that Castor will be vulnerable at Lazarro s funeral . At the funeral , Archer finds that Castor has anticipated his actions and takes Eve hostage . Sasha arrives , and a gunfight ensues ; Sasha manages to save Eve after fatally taking a bullet . Before she dies , Archer promises to take care of Adam for her and not allow him to grow up with a life of crime . Castor flees the church with Archer following him . After killing two FBI agents , Castor briefly takes Jamie hostage , but she escapes by stabbing him with a butterfly knife Castor ironically provided to her for self-defense . A speedboat chase ensues wherein Archer forces Castor to shore by collision , then bests Castor in a melee fight . Castor mutilates his/Archer s face to taunt him but Archer kills him with a spear gun . FBI agents arrive and address Archer by name , having been convinced by Eve of Archer s true identity . After the face transplant surgery is undone , Archer ( back to Travolta ) returns home , with Adam having been adopted into his family to keep his promise to Sasha .