In New York Harbor , filmmaker Carl Denham , famous for making wildlife films in remote and exotic locations , charters Captain Englehorn s ship Venture for his new project , but is unable to secure an actress for a female role he has reluctantly added to the script . Due to set sail that night , Denham searches the streets of New York for a suitable woman . He meets penniless Ann Darrow and convinces her to join him for what he proposes as the adventure of a lifetime . The Venture quickly gets underway and , during the voyage , the surly first mate , Jack Driscoll , gradually falls in love with Ann . After weeks of secrecy , Denham finally tells Englehorn and Driscoll that their destination is Skull Island , an uncharted land shown on a map in Denham s possession . Denham also cryptically alludes to some monstrous creature rumoured to dwell on the island , a legendary entity known only as Kong . When they find the island and anchor offshore , they see a native village , separated from the rest of the island by an enormous ancient stone wall . A landing party , including the filming crew and Ann , witnesses a group of natives prepare to sacrifice a young maiden as the bride of Kong . The intruders are spotted and the native chief angrily stops the ceremony . When he sees the blond Ann , he offers to trade six of his tribal women for the golden woman . They rebuff him and return to the Venture . That night , a band of natives kidnap Ann from the ship and lead her through a huge wooden gate in the wall . Tied to an altar , she is offered to Kong , who turns out to be an enormous gorilla-like ape . Kong carries her off into the jungle as the Venture crew , alerted to Ann s abduction , arrive . They open the gate and Denham , Driscoll and some volunteers enter the jungle in hopes of rescuing Ann . They soon discover that Kong is far from the only giant prehistoric creature on the island when they are charged by a Stegosaurus , which they manage to kill . After constructing a raft in order to cross a swamp , a Brontosaurus capsizes their supplies , killing several of the men . Fleeing through the jungle , they soon encounter Kong , who tries to stop them from crossing a ravine by shaking them off a fallen tree that bridges it . Only Driscoll and Denham , on opposite sides , survive . A Tyrannosaurus threatens Ann , but Kong kills it after a colossal battle . Driscoll continues to shadow Kong and Ann while Denham returns to the village for more ammunition . Upon arriving in Kong s lair in a mountain cave , Ann is menaced by a snake-like Elasmosaurus , which Kong wrestles and kills . While Kong is distracted killing a Pteranodon that tried to fly away with Ann , Driscoll reaches her and they climb down a vine dangling from a cliff ledge . When Kong notices and starts pulling them back up , they let go and fall unharmed into the water below . They run through the jungle and back to the village , where Denham , Englehorn and the surviving crewmen are waiting . Kong , following , breaks open the gate and murderously rampages through the village . On shore , Denham , now determined to bring Kong back alive , knocks him unconscious with a gas bomb . Chained and shackled , Kong is presented to a Broadway theater audience as Kong , the Eighth Wonder of the World . Ann and Jack are brought on stage to join him , followed by an invited group of press photographers . Kong , believing that the ensuing flash photography is an attack , breaks loose as the audience flees in terror . Ann is whisked away to a hotel room on a high floor , but Kong , scaling the building , soon finds her . Carrying her in his hand , he rampages through the city . He wrecks a crowded elevated train and ultimately climbs up the Empire State Building . At its top , he is met by four military Curtiss Helldivers . Kong sets Ann down and battles the planes , managing to down one of them , but he finally succumbs to their gunfire and falls to his death . Ann and Jack are reunited . Denham arrives and pushes through a crowd surrounding Kong s body in the street . When a policeman remarks that the planes got him , Denham tells him , Oh , no , it was n't the airplanes . It was Beauty killed the Beast .