U.S. Marines Lance Corporal Harold Dawson and Private Louden Downey are facing a court-martial , accused of killing fellow Marine Private William Santiago at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba . Santiago compared unfavorably to his fellow Marines , had poor relations with them , and failed to respect the chain of command in attempts at being transferred to another base . An argument evolves between base commander Colonel Nathan Jessup and his officers : while Jessup s executive officer , Lieutenant Colonel Matthew Markinson , advocates that Santiago be transferred immediately , Jessup regards this as akin to surrender and orders Santiago s commanding officer , Lieutenant Jonathan James Kendrick , to train Santiago to become a better Marine . When Dawson and Downey are later arrested for Santiago s murder , naval investigator and lawyer Lieutenant Commander JoAnne Galloway suspects they carried out a code red order , a violent extrajudicial punishment . Galloway asks to defend them , but instead , the case is given to Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee , an inexperienced and unenthusiastic U.S. Navy lawyer . Initially , friction exists between Galloway , who resents Kaffee s tendency to plea bargain , and Kaffee , who resents Galloway s interference . Kaffee and the prosecutor , his friend Captain Jack Ross ( USMC ) , negotiate a bargain , but Dawson and Downey refuse to go along . They insist they were ordered by Kendrick to shave Santiago s head , minutes after Kendrick publicly ordered the platoon not to touch the would-be victim , and did not intend their victim to die . Kaffee is finally won over by Galloway and takes the case to court . In the course of the trial , the defense manages to establish the existence of code red orders at Guantanamo and that Dawson specifically had learned not to disobey any order , having been denied a promotion after helping out a fellow Marine who was under what could be seen as a code red . However , the defense also suffers setbacks when a cross-examination reveals Downey was not actually present when Dawson and he supposedly received the code red order . Markinson reveals to Kaffee that Jessup never intended to transfer Santiago off the base , but commits suicide rather than testify in court because he feels that he had failed to do the right thing by protecting a Marine under his command . Without Markinson s testimony , Kaffee believes the case lost and returns home in a drunken stupor , having come to regret he fought the case instead of arranging a plea bargain . Galloway , however , convinces Kaffee to call Jessup as a witness despite the risk of being court-martialled for smearing a high-ranking officer . Jessup initially outsmarts Kaffee s questioning , but is unnerved when the lawyer points out a contradiction in his testimony : Jessup had stated he wanted to transfer Santiago off the base for his own safety , but if he ordered his men to leave Santiago alone and if Marines always obey orders , Santiago would have been in no danger . Under heavy pressure from Kaffee and unnerved by being caught in one of his own lies , an enraged Jessup extols his and the military s importance to national security , and eventually reveals that he ordered the code red . As he justifies his actions , Jessup is arrested ; Kendrick would later be arrested for his actions , too . Soon afterwards , Dawson and Downey are cleared of the murder charge , but found guilty of conduct unbecoming a United States Marine and dishonorably discharged . Dawson accepts the verdict , but Downey does not understand what they had done wrong . Dawson explains they had failed to stand up for those too weak to fight for themselves , like Santiago . As the two prepare to leave , Kaffee tells Dawson he does not need a patch on his arm to have honor . Dawson , who had previously shown contempt for Kaffee for not understanding the Marine ethos , recognizes him as an officer and renders a salute .