MI6 sends James Bond , agent 007 , into the field to spy on a terrorist arms bazaar on the Russian border . Despite M s insistence to let 007 finish his reconnaissance , British Admiral Roebuck orders the frigate HMS Chester to launch a missile attack on the arms bazaar . Bond then discovers two nuclear torpedoes mounted on an L-39 Albatros , and as the missile is too far along to be aborted , 007 hijacks the L-39 and flies away seconds before the bazaar is destroyed . The media baron Elliot Carver soon begins his plans to use an encoder stolen from the bazaar by his henchman , cyberterrorist Henry Gupta , to provoke war between China and the United Kingdom ; he hopes to replace the Chinese government with one that will give him exclusive broadcasting rights . Meaconing the GPS signal using the encoder , Gupta sends the British frigate HMS Devonshire off-course into Chinese-held waters in the South China Sea , where Carver s stealth ship , commanded by Mr. Stamper , sinks it and steals one of its missiles , while shooting down a Chinese J-7 fighter jet and killing off the Devonshire s survivors with Chinese weaponry . The British Minister of Defence orders Roebuck to deploy the British Fleet to recover the frigate , and possibly retaliate , while leaving M only 48 hours to investigate its sinking and avert a war . M sends Bond to investigate Carver after he releases news articles about the crisis hours before MI-6 had learned of it . Bond travels to Hamburg and seduces Carver s wife , Paris , who is also Bond s ex-girlfriend , to get information that would help him enter Carver s newspaper headquarters . He also knocks out three of Stamper s men and cuts Carver off the air while he is giving a speech during the inaugural broadcast of his satellite network . After Bond steals back the GPS encoder , Carver orders Paris and Bond killed . Paris is murdered by Carver s personal assassin Dr. Kaufman , but Bond kills Kaufman and escapes , protecting the encoder . Bond learns that the encoder had been tampered with , and goes to the South China Sea to investigate the wreck ( which was actually in Vietnamese waters ) . He and Wai Lin , a Chinese agent on the same case , explore the sunken ship and discover one of its cruise missiles missing , but are captured by Stamper and taken to the CMGN tower in Ho Chi Minh City . They soon escape and decide to collaborate on the investigation . The two contact the Royal Navy and the People s Liberation Army Air Force to explain Carver s scheme ; Carver plans to use the stolen missile to destroy the Chinese government , and allow a Chinese general to step in and stop war between Britain and China , although not before both sides destroy each other at sea . They find Carver s stealth ship , which had been built with stolen stealth material , in Ha Long Bay , and board it to prevent him from firing the stolen British cruise missile at Beijing . During the attempt , Wai Lin is captured , forcing Bond to devise a second plan . Bond captures Gupta to use as his own hostage , but Carver kills Gupta , claiming he has outlived his contract . Bond detonates an explosive which damages the ship , causing it to be visible to radar to both Chinese and British navies , who had just been warned of the plot , and thus making it vulnerable to a subsequent Royal Navy attack by HMS Bedford . While Wai Lin disables the engines , and is captured by Stamper , Bond attempts to halt the missile . After killing Carver with his own sea drill , Bond attempts to destroy the warhead with detonators , but Stamper appears and attacks him after sending Wai Lin into the waters to drown . Bond traps Stamper in the missile firing mechanism and dives to save Wai Lin as the missile explodes , destroying the ship and killing Stamper . Later , Bond and Wai Lin share a romantic moment amidst the wreckage as the Bedford searches for them .