In 1995 , John Connor is living in Los Angeles with foster parents . His mother Sarah Connor had been preparing him throughout his childhood for his future role as the Human Resistance leader against Skynet – the artificial intelligence that will be given control of the United States ' nuclear missiles and initiate a nuclear holocaust called Judgment Day on August 29 , 1997 – but was arrested and imprisoned at a mental hospital after attempting to bomb a computer factory . Skynet sends a new Terminator , designated as T-1000 , back in time to kill John . The T-1000 is an advanced prototype made out of mimetic polyalloy ( referred to as liquid metal ) that gives it the ability to take on the shape and appearance of almost anything it touches , as well as knives and other stabbing weapons . The T-1000 arrives under a freeway , kills a policeman and assumes his identity . Meanwhile , the future John Connor has sent back a reprogrammed T-800 ( Model 101 ) Terminator to protect his young counterpart . The Terminator and the T-1000 converge on John in a shopping mall , and a chase ensues after which John and the Terminator escape together on a motorcycle . Fearing that the T-1000 will kill Sarah in order to get to him , John orders the Terminator to help free her . They encounter Sarah as she is escaping from the hospital , although she is initially reluctant to trust the T-800 . After the trio escapes from the T-1000 in a police car , the Terminator informs John and Sarah about Skynet s history . In addition , it would create machines that will hunt and kill the remnants of humanity . Sarah learns that the man most directly responsible for Skynet s creation is Miles Bennett Dyson , a Cyberdyne Systems engineer working on a revolutionary new neural net processor that will form the basis for Skynet . Sarah gathers weapons from an old friend and plans to flee with John to Mexico , but after having a nightmare about Judgment Day , she instead sets out to kill Dyson in order to prevent Judgment Day from occurring . Finding him at his home , she wounds him but finds herself unable to kill him in front of his family . John and the Terminator arrive and inform Dyson of the future consequences of his work . They learn that much of his research has been reverse engineered from the damaged CPU and the right arm of the previous Terminator . Convincing him that these items and his designs must be destroyed , they break into the Cyberdyne building and retrieve the CPU and the arm . The police arrive and Dyson is shot , but he manages to trigger several explosives , destroying the lab and his research while sacrificing himself . The T-1000 relentlessly pursues the surviving trio , eventually cornering them in a steel mill . The T-1000 and the Terminator engage in physical combat , with the advanced model severely damaging its adversary . The T-800 is seemingly shut down until its emergency back-up system brings it back online . The T-1000 nearly kills John and Sarah until the T-800 appears and shoots it into a vat of molten steel with an M79 grenade launcher , destroying it . John tosses the arm and CPU of the original Terminator into the vat as well . As Sarah expresses relief that the ordeal is over , the Terminator explains that to ensure that he is not used for reverse engineering he must also be destroyed . It asks Sarah to assist in lowering it into the vat of molten steel , since it is unable to self-terminate , although John begs the Terminator to reconsider his decision . It bids them farewell as it is lowered into the vat . The Terminator gives a tearful John a final thumbs-up as it disappears into the molten steel and shuts down . Sarah looks to the future with hope , musing that if a machine ... can learn the value of human life , maybe we can too .