In 1977 , Eddie Adams is a high-school dropout living with his stepfather and emotionally abusive , alcoholic mother in Torrance , California . He works at the Reseda nightclub owned by Maurice Rodriguez , where he meets porn filmmaker Jack Horner , who auditions him by watching him have sex with Rollergirl , a porn starlet who always wears skates . After having an argument with his mother about his girlfriend and sex life , Adams moves in with Horner at his San Fernando Valley home . Adams gives himself the screen name Dirk Diggler , and becomes a star because of his good looks , youthful charisma , and unusually large penis . His success allows him to buy a new house , an extensive wardrobe , and a competition orange 1977 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray . His friend , porn star Reed Rothchild , and he pitch and star in a series of successful action-themed porn films . Dirk works and socializes with others from the porn industry , and they live carefree lifestyles in the late 1970s disco era . That changes at a New Year s Eve party at Horner s house marking the year 1980 , when assistant director Little Bill Thompson discovers his porn-star wife having sex with another man , shoots them with a gun , and kills himself . Dirk and Reed begin using cocaine . Due to Dirk s drug use , he finds it increasingly difficult to achieve an erection , falls into violent mood swings and becomes upset with Johnny Doe , a new leading man Jack recruited . In 1983 , after having an argument with Jack , Dirk is fired , and he and Reed leave to start a rock and roll career along with Scotty , a boom operator who loves Dirk . Jack previously rejected business overtures from Floyd Gondolli , a theater magnate in San Diego and San Francisco , who insists on cutting costs by shooting on videotape , because Jack believes that the tapes will diminish the quality of his films . After his friend and financier Colonel James is imprisoned for creating films depicting child pornography , Jack works with Floyd , becoming disillusioned with the lack of scripts and character development in the projects Gondolli expects him to churn out . One of these projects involves Jack and Rollergirl riding in a limousine , searching for random men for her to have sex with while a crew tapes it . When one man recognizes Rollergirl as a former high-school student , he insults her and Jack , who both attack and leave the injured man on the sidewalk as the crew drives away . Leading lady Amber Waves , who took Dirk under her wing when he joined Jack s stable of actors , finds herself in a custody battle with her ex-husband . The court determines she is an unfit mother , due to her involvement in the porn industry , prior criminal record and cocaine addiction . Buck Swope marries fellow porn star Jessie St. Vincent , who becomes pregnant . Because of his past , Buck is disqualified from a bank loan and can not open his own stereo-equipment store . That night , he finds himself in the middle of a holdup in which the clerk , the robber and an armed customer are killed . Buck escapes with the money that the robber demanded . Having squandered their money on drugs , Dirk and Reed can not pay a recording studio for demonstration tapes they believe will enable them to become music stars . Desperate for money , Dirk resorts to prostitution , but is assaulted and robbed by three men . Dirk , Reed and their friend Todd attempt to scam drug dealer Rahad Jackson , by selling him a half-kilo of baking soda as cocaine . Dirk and Reed decide to leave before Rahad s bodyguard inspects it , but Todd fails to steal money from Rahad , who kills him in the ensuing gunfight . Dirk reconciles with Jack . In 1984 , Buck and Jessie gives birth to their son , Amber shoots the television commercial for Buck s store opening , Reed practices a successful magic act at the strip club , Colonel James remains in prison , and Rollergirl returns to high school . Dirk and Amber prepare to start filming again .