MI6 agent James Bond meets a Swiss banker in Bilbao , Spain to retrieve money for Sir Robert King , a British oil tycoon and friend of M. Bond tells the banker that King was buying a report stolen from an MI6 agent who was killed for it , and wants to know who killed him . The banker is killed by his assistant before he can reveal the assassin s name . Bond escapes with the money , but it is revealed to be booby-trapped , and Sir Robert is killed by an explosion inside MI6 headquarters back in London . Bond gives chase to the assistant/assassin on a boat on the Thames to the Millennium Dome , where she attempts to escape via hot air balloon . Bond offers her protection , but she refuses , then causes the balloon to explode , killing herself . Bond traces the recovered money to Renard , a KGB agent-turned-terrorist . Following an earlier attempt on his life by MI6 , Renard was left with a bullet in his brain which is gradually destroying his senses , making him immune to pain . M assigns Bond to protect King s daughter , Elektra ; Renard previously abducted and held her for ransom , and MI6 believes that he is targeting her a second time . Bond flies to Azerbaijan , where Elektra is overseeing the construction of an oil pipeline . During a tour of the pipeline s proposed route in the mountains , Bond and Elektra are attacked by a hit squad in armed , paraglider-equipped snowmobiles . Afterwards Bond visits Valentin Zukovsky at a casino to acquire information about Elektra s attackers ; he discovers that Elektra s head of security , Davidov , is secretly in league with Renard . Bond kills Davidov and boards a plane bound for a Russian ICBM base in Kazakhstan . He poses as a Russian nuclear scientist , meets American nuclear physicist Christmas Jones , and enters the silo . Inside , Renard is removing the GPS locator card and weapons-grade plutonium from a nuclear bomb . Before Bond can kill him , Jones blows his cover . Renard drops a hint that he and Elektra are collaborating and flees with the plutonium , while Bond and Jones escape the exploding silo with the locator card . Back in Azerbaijan , Bond discloses to M that Elektra may not be as innocent as she seems . An alarm sounds while he is handing M the locator card as proof of the theft , which reveals that the stolen bomb from Kazakhstan is attached to an inspection rig heading towards the oil terminal . Bond and Jones enter the pipeline to deactivate the bomb , and Jones discovers that half of the plutonium is missing . They both jump clear of the rig , a large section of pipeline is destroyed , and they are presumed killed . Back at the command centre , Elektra reveals she and Renard are conspirators and that she killed her father as revenge for using her as bait for Renard . She abducts M , whom she resents for advising her father not to pay the ransom money , and imprisons her in the Maiden s Tower . Bond accosts Zukovsky at his caviar factory in the Caspian Sea , which is then attacked by Elektra s sawing helicopters . Later , Zukovsky reveals his arrangement with Elektra was in exchange for the use of a submarine , currently being captained by Zukovsky s nephew , Nikolai . The group goes to Istanbul , where Jones realises that if Renard were to insert the stolen plutonium into the submarine s nuclear reactor , the resulting nuclear explosion would destroy Istanbul , sabotaging the Russians ' oil pipeline in the Bosphorus while dramatically increasing the value of Elektra s oil . Bond then gets a signal from the hacked locator card in the Maiden s Tower just before Zukovsky s underling , Bullion blows up the command centre . Zukovsky is knocked unconscious and Bond and Jones are captured by Elektra s henchmen . Jones is taken aboard the submarine , which was seized by Renard s men . Bond is taken to the tower , where Elektra tortures him with a garrote . Zukovsky and his men seize the tower , but Zukovsky is shot by Elektra , freeing Bond with his cane gun with his last act . Bond frees M and kills Elektra . Bond dives after the submarine , boards it , and frees Jones . Following a fight , the submarine hits the bottom of the Bosphorus , causing its hull to rupture . Bond catches up with Renard and kills him after a lengthy fight in the submarine s reactor . Bond and Jones escape from the submarine , leaving the flooded reactor to detonate safely underwater .