In 1941 , Barton Fink s first Broadway play , Bare Ruined Choirs , has achieved critical and popular success . His agent informs him that Capitol Pictures in Hollywood has offered him a thousand dollars per week to write film scripts . Barton hesitates , worried that moving to California would separate him from the common man , his focus as a writer . He accepts the offer , however , and checks into the Hotel Earle , a large and unusually deserted building . His room is sparse and draped in subdued colors ; its only decoration is a small painting of a woman on the beach , arm raised to block the sun . In his first meeting with Capitol Pictures boss Jack Lipnick , Barton explains that he chose the Earle because he wants lodging that is ( as Lipnick says ) less Hollywood . Lipnick promises that his only concern is Barton s writing ability and assigns his new employee to a wrestling film . Back in his room , however , Barton is unable to write . He is distracted by sounds coming from the room next door , and he phones the front desk to complain . His neighbor , Charlie Meadows , is the source of the noise and visits Barton to apologize , insisting on sharing some alcohol from a hip flask to make amends . As they talk , Barton proclaims his affection for the common man , and Charlie describes his life as an insurance salesman . Later , Barton falls asleep , but is awakened by the incessant whine of a mosquito . Still unable to proceed beyond the first lines of his script , Barton consults producer Ben Geisler for advice . Irritated , the frenetic Geisler takes him to lunch and orders him to consult another writer for assistance . While in the men s room , Barton meets the novelist William Preston ( W.P . ) Bill Mayhew , who is vomiting in the next stall . They briefly discuss movie writing and arrange a second meeting later in the day . When Barton arrives , Mayhew is drunk and yelling wildly . His secretary , Audrey Taylor , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love . When they finally meet for lunch , Mayhew , Audrey , and Barton discuss writing and drinking . Before long , Mayhew argues with Audrey , slaps her , and wanders off , drunk . Rejecting Barton s offer of consolation , Audrey explains that she feels sorry for Mayhew since he is married to another woman who is disturbed . With one day left before his meeting with Lipnick to discuss the movie , Barton phones Audrey and begs her for assistance . She visits him at the Earle , and after she admits that she wrote most of Mayhew s scripts , they apparently have sex ; Barton later confesses to Charlie they did so . When Barton awakens the next morning , he , again , hears the sound of the mosquito , finds it on Audrey s back , and slaps it dead . When Audrey does not respond , Barton turns her onto her side only to find that she has been violently murdered . He has no memory of the night s events . Horrified , he summons Charlie and asks for help . Charlie is repulsed but disposes of the body and orders Barton to avoid contacting the police . After a meeting with an unusually supportive Lipnick , Barton tries writing again and is interrupted by Charlie , who announces he is going to New York for several days . Charlie leaves a package with Barton and asks him to watch it . Soon afterward , Barton is visited by two police detectives , who inform him that Charlie s real name is Karl Madman Mundt . Mundt is a serial killer wanted for several murders ; after shooting his victims , they explain , he decapitates them and keeps the heads . Stunned , Barton returns to his room and examines the box . Placing it on his desk without opening it , he begins writing and produces the entire script in one sitting . After a night of celebratory dancing , Barton returns to find the detectives in his room , who , after handcuffing Barton to the bed , then reveal they ve found evidence of Mundt s latest murders . Each of the men notes how hot it is , and Charlie appears , and does the same ; soon the source of heat is revealed : the hotel has become engulfed in flames . Running through the hallway , screaming , Charlie shoots the policemen with a shotgun . As the hallway burns , Charlie speaks with Barton about their lives and the hotel , breaks the bed frame to which Barton is handcuffed ( thus freeing him ) , then retires to his own room , saying as he goes that he paid a visit to Barton s parents and uncle in New York . Barton leaves the ( still-burning ) hotel , carrying the box and his script . Shortly thereafter he attempts to telephone his family , but there is no answer . In a final meeting , a disappointed Lipnick , in uniform ( as he attempts to secure an Army Reserve commission ) , angrily chastises Barton for writing a fruity movie about suffering then informs him that he is to remain in Los Angeles ; although Barton will remain under contract , Capitol Pictures will not produce anything he writes so he can be ridiculed as a loser around the studio while Lipnick is in the war . Dazed , Barton wanders onto a beach , still carrying the package . He meets a woman who looks just like the one in the picture on his wall at the Earle , and she asks about the box . He tells her he does not know what it contains nor who owns it . She then assumes the pose from the picture .