In 2006 , eighteen-year-old Jamal Malik ( Dev Patel ) from the Juhu slum , is a contestant on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? ( see Kaun Banega Crorepati ) , and is one question away from the grand prize . However , before the ₹20 million ( US $ 300,000 ) question , he is detained and tortured by the police , who suspect him of cheating because of the impossibility of a simple slumdog with very little education knowing all the answers . Jamal recounts , through flashbacks , the incidents in his life which provided him with each answer . Jamal s flashbacks begin with his managing , at age five , to obtain the autograph of Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan , which his brother Salim then sells , followed immediately by the death of his mother during the Bombay Riots . As they flee the riot , they meet Latika , a girl from their slum . Salim is reluctant to take her in , but Jamal suggests that she could be the third musketeer , a character from the Alexandre Dumas novel ( which they had been studying — albeit not very diligently — in school ) , whose name they do not know . The three are found by Maman—a gangster who tricks and then trains street children into becoming beggars . When Salim discovers Maman is blinding the children in order to make them more effective beggars , he flees with Jamal and Latika to a departing train . Latika fails to board the train as Salim purposefully lets go of her hand , thus resulting in her being recaptured by Maman . Over the next few years , Salim and Jamal make a living travelling on top of trains , selling goods , picking pockets , working as dish washers , and pretending to be tour guides at the Taj Mahal , where they steal people s shoes . At Jamal s insistence , they return to Mumbai to find Latika , discovering that she is being raised by Maman to be a prostitute , to fetch him soon a high price and as a virgin . The brothers rescue her , and while escaping Maman they shoot him to death . Salim then manages to get a job with Javed —Maman s rival crime lord . Back at their room , Salim orders Jamal to leave him and Latika alone . When Jamal refuses , Salim draws a gun on him , whereas Latika persuades Jamal to obey his brother and go away . Years later , now a tea-boy in an Indian call centre , Jamal searches the centre s database for Salim and Latika . He fails in finding Latika but succeeds in finding Salim , who is now a high-ranking lieutenant in Javed s crime organization . Jamal reproaches Salim , who then pleads for forgiveness , and offers him to stay in his luxurious apartment . Jamal later bluffs his way into Javed s residence to reunite with Latika but as he professes his love for her , Latika asks him to forget about her . Jamal nevertheless promises to wait for her every day at five o'clock at the VT station . Latika attempts to meet him there , but is recaptured by Javed s men , led by Salim , and once Javed moves to another house , outside Mumbai , the two again lose contact . Jamal becomes a contestant on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? , knowing that she watches the show regularly . Much to the consternation of Prem Kumar , the show s host , Jamal becomes a wonder across India . He uses the 50/50 lifeline on the penultimate question and during the following break , whilst in the men s room , Kumar tries to fail Jamal , feeding him with a wrong answer , yet Jamal chose the other one , which turned out to be the correct answer . Assuming Jamal is cheating , the police are involved . After an initial beating up , the police inspector listens to Jamal s explanation of how he reached each answer . Finding all of them bizarrely plausible , he allows him back to the show . At Javed s safehouse , Latika sees Jamal on the news and Salim , in an effort to make amends for his past behaviour , gives Latika his mobile phone and car keys , and asks her to forgive him and to go to Jamal . Latika is reluctant out of fear of Javed , but agrees and escapes . Salim fills a bathtub with money and sits in it , awaiting for Javed and his men as they realise that he let Latika free . Jamal s final question is , by coincidence , the name of the third musketeer in The Three Musketeers , which he never learned . Jamal uses his Phone-A-Friend lifeline to call Salim s cell , as it is the only phone number he knows . Latika answers the phone , and , while she does not know the answer , tells Jamal that she is safe . Relieved , Jamal randomly picks Aramis , the right answer , and wins the grand prize . Javed hears Latika on the show and realizes that Salim has betrayed him . He and his men break down the bathroom door but Salim kills Javed before he is shot , gasping , God is great . Jamal and Latika meet on the platform at the railway station ; they kiss , and they dance energetically to the song Jai Ho .