In an unnamed American city , soon-to-be-retiring detective William Somerset ( Freeman ) is partnered with short-tempered but idealistic David Mills ( Pitt ) , who recently transferred to the department , moving to the city with his wife Tracy ( Paltrow ) . Mills introduces Somerset to Tracy , after which Somerset becomes her confidant . Tracy is unhappy with the city and feels it is no place to raise a child . She discloses to Somerset that she is pregnant and has yet to inform her husband . Somerset sympathizes with her , having a similar situation with his ex-girlfriend many years earlier , and advises her to tell Mills only if she plans on keeping the child . Somerset and Mills investigate a pair of murders . The first victim is an obese man forced to eat until his stomach ruptured . The second was a wealthy defense attorney who died from both fatal bloodletting and the removal of a pound of flesh . At each crime scene , the murderer leaves behind clues for the detectives , including a single word : gluttony at the obese man s home and greed at the attorney s office . Somerset recognizes them as part of the seven deadly sins and realizes the murders are related . Other clues lead them to a possible perpetrator s apartment . There , they find another victim , a known drug dealer and child molester , strapped to a bed , barely alive and emaciated , with a series of pictures indicating he had been tied to the bed for an entire year . The word sloth is scrawled on the wall . The photos also indicate the killer has been planning these deaths for some time . Somerset and Mills identify a man named John Doe ( Spacey ) , who has checked out several library books on the deadly sins . Doe flees when they go to his apartment , and Mills gives chase . Doe eventually corners Mills and holds him at gunpoint , but after a few moments , turns and escapes . At Doe s apartment , they find hundreds of handwritten journals showing Doe s apparent psychopathy , and clues leading to a fourth victim . They arrive too late to prevent the death of the victim , a prostitute killed by an unwilling man forced by Doe to wear a bladed S & M phallic device on his genitals and to rape and kill her while severely traumatizing him . They find lust written on the door . They are alerted to their next victim , an attractive young woman , presumably a model , whose face has been mutilated by Doe ; she was given the option to call for help and be disfigured , or to commit suicide by taking pills . She chooses suicide . The word pride is written on her wall . Shortly after , as Somerset and Mills return to the police station , they are approached by a man covered in blood , surrendering himself . Mills recognizes him as Doe and arrests him . They discover Doe has been removing the skin on his fingers to avoid leaving behind prints ; the blood on him is from a yet-to-be-identified victim . Doe , through his lawyer , advises there are two more victims and offers to take the detectives to them and confess to all the murders , but only under very specific terms , or he will otherwise plead insanity . Somerset is wary , but Mills agrees . The two detectives , following Doe s directions , drive him to a remote desert location . Within minutes , a delivery van approaches them . Mills holds Doe at gunpoint while Somerset goes to intercept the driver , who had been instructed to bring a box to them . As Somerset recovers the box and sends the driver away , Doe begins telling Mills about how jealous he is of Mills ' life and marriage to Tracy , antagonizing Mills . Somerset opens the box , and in horror , tells Mills to stay back and not listen to Doe . Doe continues to taunt Mills as Mills frantically asks what is in the box . Doe reveals that he was so jealous of Mills , he killed Tracy , her death being a result of his envy , and that her head is in the box . Doe tries to goad Mills into vengeance , to become wrath and shoot him . Somerset desperately tries to convince Mills not to shoot Doe , but then Doe reveals that Tracy was pregnant . The revelation is too much for Mills and he shoots Doe , six times . Doe s death completes the seven sins . Police converge and take a devastated Mills away . The police captain reassures Somerset that Mills will be taken care of . When asked by the Police Captain where he will be , Somerset hints that he will not retire .