In 1985 , Connor MacLeod , also known as the Highlander , is in New York City . In an arena parking garage , Connor is confronted by fellow immortal Iman Fasil , and decapitates him , upon which an energy surge destroys several cars around him . He hides his sword just as police swarm the exit to the garage , and arrest Connor . The story then goes back in time to the 16th century Scottish Highlands , in the village of Glenfinnan on the shores of Loch Shiel . Connor and his clan , the Clan MacLeod , prepare for battle . Back in 1985 , the police release Connor , as they have failed to get any information from him . One of the detectives involved , Brenda Wyatt , is an expert in metallurgy and recognises Fasil s sword as an extremely rare Toledo Salamanca broadsword . Later , Connor returns to the garage to retrieve his own sword but sees Brenda is looking at the crime scene . She finds metal shards embedded in a concrete column and saves them for analysis . The scene returns to the Highlands , where the Kurgan assists the clan Fraser against the Clan MacLeod in exchange for the sole right to slaying Connor . In the resulting confrontation the Kurgan stabs Connor but is then driven off by the MacLeod clansmen . The wounded Connor is taken back to the village , and everyone assumes he will die . When he makes a remarkable overnight recovery , the village is convinced that it is the work of the devil . The villagers attempt to have Connor executed , but he is instead exiled by the clan leader out of mercy . In 1985 , Connor lives under the alias Russell Nash and is a wealthy antiquities dealer . Meanwhile , the Kurgan takes up residence at a seedy motel . Connor tails Brenda to a bar , but she leaves quickly . She then tails Connor , but the Kurgan attacks them both . The fight is interrupted by a police helicopter , and everybody flees . Brenda analyzes the metal fragments and discovers them to be from a Japanese katana , dated about 600 B.C . but made with advanced technology for the era . She makes a date with Connor in an attempt to entrap him . Connor recognises the ruse , tells her to stop digging , and leaves . In the past , Connor lives an idyllic life with his wife Heather . One day , the mysterious Juan SĂĄnchez Villa-Lobos RamĂ­rez appears and begins training Connor in sword fighting . He explains that they both belong to a group of immortals , who constantly fight one another but can only be killed by complete decapitation . When one immortal decapitates another , the winner receives a transfer of power called the quickening . Eventually , all the immortals must do battle until there is only one left alive ; the last survivor will receive the Prize . Ramirez tells Connor that the Kurgan , by that time the strongest of the immortals , must not win the Prize , or mankind will enter a dark age . One night , while Connor is away , the Kurgan attacks , decapitating Ramirez and raping Heather . In Central Park , Connor meets a long-time friend , fellow immortal Sunda Kastagir . They talk about the impending gathering of immortals which precedes the final battle , and they joke about old times . Brenda has by now discovered that Connor has been alive for centuries , living under false identities , faking his death every few decades , signing his assets over to children who had died at birth , and assuming their identities . She confronts Connor , who demonstrates his immortality . After this revelation , Brenda and Connor become lovers , although Connor is reluctant , following a flashback in which Connor s wife , Heather , dies of old age in his arms . Ramirez has earlier explained that immortals can not have children and should not get romantically involved . Ramirez reveals his Japanese katana was made specifically for him by the father of his third wife . The Kurgan finds Kastagir , killing him and wounding a man who witnessed his beheading . When the Kurgan finds out about Connor s relationship with Brenda , he kidnaps her to draw Connor out . After a climactic battle at the Silvercup Studios in Queens , Connor defeats and beheads the Kurgan . He receives the Prize , which manifests itself as a massive quickening . Now mortal and capable of having children , Connor returns to Scotland with Brenda . Connor now has awareness of people s thoughts around the world , and promises to use his gift to encourage cooperation and peace in mankind .