In the last two days of 1999 , Los Angeles has become a dangerous war zone . As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant , the event is recorded by a robber wearing a SQUID , an illegal electronic device that records events directly from the wearer s cerebral cortex , and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device , allows a user to experience the recorder s memories and physical sensations . Lenny Nero , a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer of SQUID recordings , agrees to buy the robbery clip from his main supplier , Tick . Elsewhere , a prostitute named Iris , who is a friend of Lenny s ex-girlfriend Faith Justin , is being chased by LAPD officers Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman as she flees to the subway . Iris manages to escape on a rapid transit after her wig is pulled off by Engleman , revealing a SQUID recorder headset . Lenny pines for Faith and relies on his two best friends , bodyguard and limousine driver Lornette Mace Mason and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support . Mace has unrequited feelings for Lenny from the past , from when he was still a cop and stepped in as a dependable father figure for her son after her boyfriend was arrested on drug charges , but disapproves of his SQUID-dealing business . While Lenny and Max are drinking together at a bar , Iris drops a SQUID disc through the sunroof of Lenny s car , but his car is towed away before he sees it . He is then picked up by Mace , who eventually agrees to take him to a nightclub where Faith is going to sing . In the club , Lenny receives a SQUID disc from a contact and then tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend , music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail . While in the car with Mace , Lenny plays the disc the contact gave him and watches Iris being brutally raped and murdered by an attacker at the Sunset Regent hotel . As they approach the hotel , Iris is taken out on a stretcher . The next day , Lenny and Mace take the disc to Tick , who can not identify the source of the recording , but recalls that Iris was looking for Lenny . Mace deduces that Iris may have left something in Lenny s car , and the two go to the impound and find Iris s disc . Steckler and Engleman appear and demand the disc at gunpoint , but Lenny and Mace escape in her car before being forced to stop at a dock . Steckler pours gasoline on the car and sets it on fire , but Mace drives it into the harbor , extinguishing the flames . When they reach the surface , the cops have left . Mace takes Lenny to her brother s house and watches Iris ' disc . They discover that her death is tied to a cover-up of the murder of rapper Jeriko One by Steckler and Engleman , who disapprove of his politically-charged music . Lenny , Mace , and Max also learn that Tick has been rendered brain-dead from forcefully being exposed to highly amplified SQUID signals . Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person who killed Iris and fears Faith will be next . Back at the nightclub , Lenny and Mace confront Faith , who tells them that Philo hired Iris to spy on Jeriko . As midnight approaches , Lenny and Mace sneak into a private party at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city s wealthy elite . Lenny also gives Iris ' disc to Mace so that she can deliver it to deputy police commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo s penthouse suite , Lenny finds another SQUID disc and Philo s body on the floor , whose brain has been damaged in the same manner as Tick s . After watching the disc , Lenny discovers that Max and Faith have become lovers and that they forced Philo to run an amplified recording of them having sex . Max and Faith then enter the room , explaining that they set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko s death , and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo s murder . After a hand to hand fight , Lenny throws Max off the balcony to his death . Meanwhile on the street , Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman , but manages to subdue them with the help of Strickland . Lenny finds Mace and the two share a passionate kiss as the crowd celebrates the turn of the new century around them .