Tina Gray , a teenager , walks through a boiler room dressed in a nightgown . She is stalked and attacked by a disfigured man wearing a blade-fixed glove . She awakens from the nightmare , but her mother points out four mysterious slashes in her gown . The following morning , Tina is consoled by her friend Nancy and her boyfriend , Glen . Later , Nancy and Glen sleepover with Tina following her mother s out-of-town departure . The sleepover is interrupted by Tina s boyfriend Rod , who tries to have sex to reconcile after arguing . Falling asleep , she sees the man and runs . Awakened by Tina s thrashing , Rod witnesses her being fatally slashed by an unseen force . He flees as Nancy and Glen find Tina , mistakenly blaming Rod . Nancy tells her father , Lieutenant Don Thompson , of Tina s death . The next day , Rod proclaims innocence to Nancy , but Don arrests him . At school , Nancy falls asleep in class and finds the man , calling himself Freddy Krueger , chasing her in the boiler room . Nancy burns her arm on a pipe and awakens in the middle of class , excusing herself . She notices the burn mark on her arm and is concerned . At home , Nancy falls asleep in the bathtub and nearly gets drowned by Freddy . Nancy goes to Rod , who tells her what happened to Tina , and Nancy believes Freddy is responsible for Tina s death . Nancy has Glen watch over her as she falls asleep . She tries to find Freddy and sees him preparing to kill Rod . He turns his attention on her ; she runs and wakes up when her alarm clock goes off . Nancy and Glen go to the jail and discover Rod has been hanged in his cell by his bed sheet in an apparent suicide . At Rod s funeral , Nancy s parents become worried when she describes the man in her dreams . Her mother , Marge , takes her to a dream clinic . In her dream , Nancy is attacked again and grabs Freddy s hat . When the staff wake her up , she has a gash in her arm and she somehow has Freddy s hat with her . At home , Marge bars the windows and begins drinking heavily . Eventually , she tells Nancy that Freddy was a child murderer released on a technicality . In a form of vigilante justice , the parents in the neighborhood burned him alive . Realizing that Freddy desires revenge , Nancy convinces Glen to help her . She plans to take Freddy into the real world and set up booby traps in her house . Concerned over her influence , Glen s parents prevent the two from meeting . Glen falls asleep at their appointed hour , and Freddy kills him . Alone , Nancy puts her drunken mother to bed and convinces her father across the street to break into the house in twenty minutes . In her sleep , she locates Freddy at the last second and pulls him out of the dream . In the real world , Nancy runs from Freddy , who trips on the booby traps . She lights him on fire , locks him in the basement , and rushes to the door for help . The police arrive , and they realize Freddy has escaped the basement . In Marge s bedroom , they see a still-burning Freddy smother her . After Don puts out the fire , Freddy and Marge have vanished . Despite her father s words , Nancy believes she is still in danger . Freddy attacks Nancy once again . Realizing he is powered by his victim s fear , she calmly turns her back on him , reducing him to nothingness . She steps outside into a bright morning where all of her friends and mother are still alive . She gets into Glen s car to go to school when the top comes down and suddenly locks them in . As the car is driven uncontrollably down the street , Marge is grabbed through the window of their front door and is dragged through it to her apparent death .