In 1987 , Jordan Belfort ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) procures a job as a Wall Street stockbroker for L.F. Rothschild , employed under Mark Hanna ( Matthew McConaughey ) , who quickly entices him with the sex and drugs-fueled stockbroker culture and teaches him that a stockbroker s only job is to make money for himself . Jordan soon finds his career terminated following Black Monday , and takes a job at a boiler room brokerage firm on Long Island that specializes in penny stocks . Thanks to his aggressive pitching style and the high commissions , Jordan makes a small fortune . Jordan befriends his apartment neighbor Donnie Azoff ( Jonah Hill ) , and the two found their own company . They recruit several of Jordan s friends , whom Jordan trains in the art of the hard sell . The basic method of the firm is a pump and dump scam . To cloak this , Jordan gives the firm the respectable name of Stratton Oakmont . After an exposĂŠ in Forbes , hundreds of ambitious young financiers flock to his company . Jordan becomes immensely successful , and slides into a decadent lifestyle of prostitutes and drugs . He has an affair with a woman named Naomi Lapaglia ( Margot Robbie ) . When his wife Teresa ( Cristin Milioti ) finds out , they divorce and he marries Naomi , soon having a daughter , Skylar . Meanwhile , the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the FBI begin investigating Stratton Oakmont . Jordan illegally makes $ 22 million in three hours upon securing the IPO of Steve Madden ( Jake Hoffman ) . This brings him and his firm to the attention of the FBI , mainly agent Patrick Denham ( Kyle Chandler ) . To hide his illegitimate money , Jordan opens a Swiss bank account with corrupt banker Jean-Jacques Saurel ( Jean Dujardin ) in the name of Naomi s aunt Emma ( Joanna Lumley ) , who is a British national and thus outside the reach of American authorities . He uses the wife and in-laws of his friend Brad Bodnick ( Jon Bernthal ) , who have European passports , to smuggle the cash into Switzerland . Donnie gets into a public brawl with Brad , and while Donnie escapes , Brad is arrested . Jordan also learns from his private investigator ( Bo Dietl ) that the FBI is wiretapping his phones . Fearing for his son , Jordan s father ( Rob Reiner ) advises him to leave Stratton Oakmont and lie low while Jordan s lawyer ( Jon Favreau ) negotiates a deal to keep him out of prison . Jordan , however , can not bear to quit , and talks himself into staying in the middle of his farewell speech . Jordan , Donnie and their wives are on a yacht trip to Italy when they learn that Aunt Emma has died of a heart attack . Jordan decides to travel to Switzerland immediately to settle the bank account . In order to bypass border controls , he forces his yacht captain to sail to Monaco , and the ship is capsized in a storm . After their rescue , the plane sent to take them to Geneva is destroyed when a seagull flies into the engine . Jordan takes this as a sign from God and decides to sober up . Two years later , the FBI arrests Jordan because Saurel , arrested in Florida on an unrelated charge , has informed on Jordan . Since the evidence against him is overwhelming , Jordan agrees to gather evidence on his colleagues in exchange for leniency . Fed up with Jordan s lifestyle , Naomi tells Jordan she is divorcing him and wants full custody of their children . Jordan loses his mind and tries to run off with Skylar in his car , but ends up crashing it in the driveway . The next morning , Jordan wears a wire to work . Jordan slips Donnie a note warning him about the wire . The FBI discovers the note , and Jordan is arrested for breaching his cooperation deal . The FBI raids and shuts down Stratton Oakmont . Despite this one breach , Jordan receives a reduced sentence for his testimony and serves three years in a minimum security prison . After his release , Jordan makes a living hosting seminars on sales technique .