In 1992 , in Bogota , Colombia , a drug lord s assassin named Fabio Restrepo ( Jesse Borrego ) tells his boss , Don Luis Sandoval ( Beto Benites ) , that he wants to leave crime behind . Even though Restrepo gives Don Luis a group of computer disks that he claims contains information about Don Luis ' business , Don Luis is incensed that Restrepo thinks he can leave . Don Luis sends his henchman Marco ( Jordi MollĂ ) and a group of killers to kill Restrepo and his family . Fabio gives his nine-year-old daughter Cataleya ( Amandla Stenberg ) a SmartMedia computer memory card with the information Don Luis wants and tells her it s her passport ; he also gives her the address of her uncle Emilio ( Cliff Curtis ) , a criminal in Chicago , who will take care of her . The last thing he gives her is something that he says will keep her safe : his mother s cattleya orchid necklace . After saying their goodbyes , Fabio and his wife Alicia ( Cynthia Addai-Robinson ) leave to battle Marco and his men but both are gunned down as Cataleya watches . Marco tries to manipulate her into giving the information , but when he asks what she wants , she stabs him in the hand with a knife and replies To kill Don Luis , and escapes . She makes it to the U.S. Embassy and gives the information in exchange for a passport and passage to the United States . She escapes from the airport through a bathroom window and takes a bus to Chicago . Once she finds Emilio , Cataleya asks him to train her as a killer . Fifteen years later , a 24-year-old Cataleya ( Zoe Saldana ) has become an accomplished assassin . Her uncle serves as her broker , providing her with contracts . She is assigned to kill the notorious gangster Genarro Rizzo ( Affif Ben Badra ) , who is currently in police custody . Implementing an elaborate plan , she gets herself arrested while dressed in a disguise . She manages to escape from her cell with tools she hid in her disguise , travel through the ventilation system , kill Rizzo , and return to her cell . The next morning she is released . As with her previous murders , she leaves her signature , the Cattleya flower , which is a message to her ultimate target , Don Luis . After learning about this Colombian orchid , FBI Special Agent James Ross ( Lennie James ) can now link this case to more than twenty other cases . As a last resort , the FBI decides to inform the public about Cataleya s calling card . Don Luis , who is currently in a witness protection program overseen by CIA Agent Steve Richard ( Callum Blue ) , realizes that Fabio s daughter is in the U.S. and orders Marco ( whose hand still hurts ) and his operatives to find her . Emilio is furious when he learns Cataleya has been killing with a signature since she has thereby put her relatives in grave danger . Cataleya s newest target is William Willy Woogard ( Sam Douglas ) , a millionaire who fled to the Caribbean with $ 50 million from his Ponzi scheme . She sneaks into his house and shoots him , and he falls inside his shark tank , where the sharks maul him to death . Under the name Jennifer , Cataleya later visits her lover , Danny Delaney ( Michael Vartan ) , and spends the night with him . Danny snaps a picture of her while she sleeps . That morning she meets with her uncle , Emilio , who furiously tells her that eight people were slaughtered in Miami , one of them being his friend . Emilio then retires his niece from her work . Danny shows her picture to his friend Ryan , but when Danny leaves to stop his car from being ticketed , Ryan forwards the photo to his sister-in-law , a police clerk , to find out who she is . Now in the police computers , the photo is recognized by the body/morph recognition software as that of the woman who was in the same prison as Genarro Rizzo the night he was killed . Detective Ross is notified , and the FBI quickly trace her location and they are supported by a SWAT team as they leave for her apartment . After Cataleya says goodbye , she goes home , but gets a call from Danny , who confesses that he took a picture of her . Upon seeing the SWAT team enter the apartment , she manages to escape through the garage and goes to Emilio s home , only to discover that Mama , Pepe ( Angel Garnica ) , and Emilio have been tortured and killed by Don Luis s men , leaving her devastated . Cataleya ambushes FBI detective Ross in his home in order to find out where Don Luis is . She threatens to kill Ross s family members one by one if he does n't try harder to help her . Fearing for the safety of his family , Ross meets with CIA agent Steve Richard , who is unhelpful at first , but after Cataleya fires a warning shot through his bulletproof office window with a large-calibre sniper rifle , Richard gives up Don Luis s current location . Cataleya then goes to a Louisiana land surveyor and threatens him for the floor plans of Don Luis ' mansion . Cataleya assaults Don Luis s premises with heavy weaponry and wipes out all the guards , then confronts Marco and , after a violent hand-to-hand battle , stabs him in the neck . Don Luis escapes in a van , but is stopped by a garbage truck . Cataleya calls him on Marco s cell phone , but Don Luis laughs and says that he will kill her and she will never find him because he is never where Cataleya wants him to be . Cataleya responds that he is exactly where she wants him to be . Pepe s two attack dogs are right behind Luis ' seat and on her command they violently maul Luis to death . Danny is interrogated by the FBI , but when Ross leaves , Danny gets a cellphone call from Cataleya , who gives him her real name , and he tells her he loves her . Ross ' technical team alerts him that Danny is on the phone , but Ross realizes that Danny can not be charged with any crime , so he is released . Cataleya boards an interstate bus headed for an unknown destination .