In the Mojave Desert in 1982 , a man named Nix has gathered a cult in an isolated house , where he plans to sacrifice a young girl that he has kidnapped . Nix calls himself The Puritan and has the ability to use real magic . A group of former cult members , including Swann and Quaid , arrive to stop him . After the initial confrontation with the cultists , Nix s assistant , Butterfield , escapes , and Swann is attacked magically by Nix . The kidnapped girl shoots Nix through the heart with Swann s gun . Swann fastens an ironwork mask over Nix s head , who appears to die , and declares that they will bury Nix so deep that no one will ever find him . Thirteen years later , New York City private detective Harry D'Amour is investigating a case in Los Angeles . D'Amour has a long-standing interest in the occult , and has some renown from his involvement with a recent exorcism . During the investigation , D'Amour discovers a fortune teller shop owned by Quaid , where he is relentlessly attacked by a man with unusual strength . D'Amour finds Quaid suffering from multiple stab wounds . As he dies , Quaid warns D'Amour that “The Puritan” is coming . Swann , now a famous stage illusionist , lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with his wife , Dorothea . When informed that Nix s followers have murdered Quaid , Dorothea suggests they hire D'Amour to investigate the murder . D'Amour agrees , and she invites him to Swann s magic show . Swann performs a new death-defying illusion which goes wrong , and he is killed on stage . D'Amour goes to The Magic Castle , where he hears Nix being described as a legend , and that Nix was believed to have taught Swann . After getting into the Repository , a special room in the Magic Castle that supposedly contains every magic secret known to man , he discovers that Swann s illusions involved real magic . Later , at Swann s house , Dorothea reveals that she was the girl that Nix kidnapped , and that she married Swann because of a sense of obligation . Dorothea and D'Amour make love ; afterwards , D'Amour is attacked by a man engulfed in fire . Suspecting a ruse , D'Amour opens Swann s coffin and finds that the body inside is fake . Valentin , Swann s assistant , explains that he helped Swann fake his death . D'Amour agrees to allow Valentin and Swann s ruse to continue . At the funeral , D'Amour follows a suspicious looking man who turns out to be Swann , who , in jealousy , attacks D'Amour with magic . D'Amour convinces the emotionally hurt Swann to help him put an end to Nix s cult . Butterfield kidnaps Dorothea , using her as a hostage to force Valentin to recover Nix s body . After finding Nix s corpse , Butterfield stabs Valentin and takes the corpse back to the old house in the desert . There , his cultists have returned to witness Nix s resurrection and follow him once again . Butterfield removes the iron mask and Nix regains consciousness . Swann and D'Amour , acting on information given by the dying Valentin , arrive . Swann attacks Butterfield and tells D'Amour to rescue Dorothea . Nix , instructing his followers to prepare to receive his wisdom , opens a hole in the ground beneath him and Dorothea and turns the earth into quick sand that swallows the cultists , declaring that only Swann is worthy of receiving his knowledge . D'Amour finds Nix and Dorothea just as Nix is dropping her into the hole and rescues her . As they flee , D'Amour and Dorothea are attacked by Butterfield , whom D'Amour kills . Swann agrees to act as Nix s disciple in an effort to stall for time , but Nix sees through the ruse and attacks with magic . Dorothea finds D'Amour s gun and shoots Nix in the head . Nix then begins to transform into a hideous creature . Swann uses magic to help D'Amour deliver a final blow to Nix , who falls into the hole , which is now filled with lava . Dorothea holds Swann in her arms as he succumbs to his injuries . D'Amour sees that Nix , hideously injured but alive , is summoning a whirlwind , which ends up sealing the hole . Dorothea and D'Amour escape the house and walk into the desert .