Ben Sanderson ( Cage ) is a Hollywood screenwriter whose alcoholism costs him his job , family , and friends . With nothing left to live for , he heads to Las Vegas to drink himself to death . As he drives drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip , he nearly hits a woman , Sera ( Shue ) , on the crosswalk . Sera chastises him and walks away . Sera is a prostitute working for an abusive pimp , Yuri Butso ( Julian Sands ) , a Latvian immigrant . Polish mobsters are after Yuri , so he breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her . Yuri is murdered ( off-screen ) shortly afterwards . On his second day in Las Vegas , Ben goes looking for Sera , introduces himself and offers her $ 500 to come to his room for an hour . Sera agrees but Ben does not want sex . Instead , they only talk and form a bizarre romantic relationship and Sera invites to Ben to move into her apartment . Ben instructs Sera never to ask him to stop drinking . Sera asks Ben not to criticize her occupation . At first the two are happy , as Ben is totally at ease with this ( Sera s prostitution ) . However , each becomes frustrated with the other s behavior . Sera begs Ben to see a doctor which makes him furious . While Sera is out working Ben goes to a casino and returns with another prostitute ( Mariska Hargitay ) . Sera returns to find them in her bed and throws Ben out . Shortly afterward Sera is approached by three college students at the Excalibur hotel and casino . She initially rejects their offer by stating that she only dates one at a time , but eventually acquiesces when she is offered an increased price . When she enters their hotel room , the college students change the deal and request anal sex , which Sera refuses . When she attempts to leave , she is brutally attacked and raped . The next morning , she is spotted by her landlady returning home battered and is evicted . Sera receives a call from Ben , who is on his deathbed . Sera visits Ben , and the two make love . He dies shortly thereafter . In the final scene , Sera explains to her therapist that she accepted Ben for who he was and loved him .