Three years after the destruction of the Death Star , the Rebel Alliance has been driven from their former base on Yavin IV by the Galactic Empire . The Rebels , led by Princess Leia , set up their new base on the ice planet Hoth . The Imperial fleet , led by Darth Vader , continues to hunt for the Rebels’ new base by dispatching probe droids across the galaxy . While investigating a potential meteor strike , Luke Skywalker is captured by a wampa . He manages to escape from its cave with his lightsaber , but soon succumbs to the brutally cold temperatures . The ghost of his late mentor , Obi-Wan Kenobi , instructs him to go to the Dagobah system to train under Jedi Master Yoda . He is found by Han Solo , who uses the warmth of his dead tauntaun to keep Luke warm while he sets up a shelter . Han and Luke make it through the night and are rescued by Zev Senesca . On patrol , Han and Chewbacca discover the meteor Luke had planned to investigate is actually a probe droid , which alerts the Empire to the Rebels’ location . The Empire launches a large-scale attack , using AT-AT Walkers to capture the base . Han and Leia escape on the Millennium Falcon with C-3PO and Chewbacca , but their hyperdrive malfunctions . They hide in an asteroid field , where Han and Leia grow closer . Vader summons bounty hunters , including the notorious Boba Fett , to assist in finding the Falcon . Luke , meanwhile , escapes with R2-D2 in his X-wing fighter and crash-lands on the swamp planet Dagobah . He meets a diminutive creature who is revealed to be Yoda ; after conferring with Obi-Wan s spirit , Yoda reluctantly accepts Luke as his pupil . After evading the Empire , Han sets a course for Cloud City , a floating colony in the skies of the planet Bespin . Cloud City is run by Han s old friend , Lando Calrissian . Unknowingly , the Millennium Falcon has been tracked by Boba Fett ; shortly after they arrive , Lando leads the group into a trap and they are handed over to Darth Vader . Vader plans to use the group as bait to lure out Luke , intending to capture him alive and take him to the Emperor . During his training on Dagobah , Luke sees a premonition of Han and Leia in pain and , against Yoda s wishes , leaves to save them . Vader goes back on his agreement with Lando and takes Leia and Chewbacca into custody . He intends to hold Luke in suspended animation and , as a test , freezes Han alive in a block of carbonite . Vader hands the frozen Han over to Fett , who intends to leave for Tatooine to deliver Han to Jabba the Hutt and claim the bounty on Solo s head . Lando , who was forced into cooperating with the Empire , initiates an escape and frees Leia and the others . They try to save Han but are unable to stop Fett . They then flee Cloud City in the Falcon . Luke arrives at Cloud City and falls into Vader s trap . The two engage in a lightsaber duel that leads them over the city s central air shaft where , as his mentors warned , Luke proves to be no match for Vader who severs Luke s right hand , causing him to lose his weapon . After Luke refuses to join Vader against the Emperor , Vader reveals that he is Luke s father . Horrified , Luke falls through the air shaft . He is ejected beneath the floating city and makes a desperate telepathic plea to Leia , who senses it and persuades Lando to return for him in the Falcon . R2-D2 repairs the Falcon s hyperdrive , allowing them to escape the Empire . Later , aboard a Rebel medical frigate , Luke s amputated hand is replaced with a robotic prosthetic . Lando and Chewbacca set off for Tatooine in the Falcon in order to save Han . As the Falcon departs , Luke , Leia , R2-D2 , and C-3PO look on and await word from Lando .