A prologue establishes the courage and journalistic integrity of Bergman ( Pacino ) and Mike Wallace ( Plummer ) as they prepare to interview Sheikh Fadlallah for 60 Minutes . In Louisville , Kentucky , Dr. Jeffrey Wigand ( Crowe ) arrives home from his office at the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company , reluctantly telling his wife Liane ( Venora ) that he has been fired . Bergman approaches Wigand for help translating technical documents . Wigand agrees , but Bergman is intrigued when he cites a corporate confidentiality agreement and refuses to discuss anything further . Wigand is later summoned to a meeting with the B & W CEO , who threatens legal action and cessation of severance benefits if he does not sign a more restrictive confidentiality agreement . Wigand angrily leaves , and accuses Bergman of betraying him . Bergman visits Wigand s home and vigorously defends himself . Wigand is reassured but hesitant to reveal anything that might threaten his family s medical coverage , apparently possessing very damaging information . The Wigand family move into a more modest house , Wigand now working as a teacher . One night his younger daughter Barbara sees someone outside . Wigand finds a fresh footprint in the garden , and receives a sinister phone call . Knowing that Wigand s confidentiality agreement obstructs any potential story , Bergman contacts Richard Scruggs ( Feore ) , an attorney representing the State of Mississippi in a lawsuit against the tobacco industry , believing that Wigand could be shielded from legal sanction if he were compelled to break confidentiality and testify . Scruggs expresses interest . Some time later Wigand receives an emailed death threat against him and his family , and finds a bullet in his mailbox . He contacts the FBI , but the agents who attend are hostile , confiscating his computer . Wigand , furious over the threats , demands Bergman arrange an interview . In the interview , Wigand states that B & W intentionally make their cigarettes more addictive , and that he was fired after refusing to support this . Bergman later arranges a security detail for Wigand s home , and the Wigands suffer marital stress . Wigand is served with a Kentucky court order prohibiting his testimony in Mississippi , but eventually decides to testify anyway , over the objections of B & W attorneys . On returning to Louisville , Wigand discovers that Liane has left him and taken their daughters . Bergman , Wallace and Don Hewitt ( Hall ) , the creator and executive producer of 60 Minutes , meet with CBS News ' legal counsel , Helen Caperelli ( Gershon ) . Caperelli invokes and describes a legal theory , tortious interference , whereby one who induces someone to break a legal agreement may be sued for interfering . By this theory , CBS exposes itself to legal action from B & W if Wigand breaks confidentiality in his interview . Eric Kluster ( Tobolowsky ) , the president of CBS News , decides to omit Wigand s interview from the segment . Bergman objects , believing that CBS Corporate wishes to avoid jeopardizing the pending sale of CBS to Westinghouse , which would enrich both Caperelli and Kluster . Wigand is appalled , and terminates contact with Bergman . An investigator probes Wigand s personal history , their findings published and circulated to the news media as a 500-page dossier . Bergman learns that The Wall Street Journal will soon use this in a piece questioning Wigand s credibility . Bergman believes that Wigand is being smeared , and arranges for Jack Palladino ( playing himself ) , an attorney and investigator , to evaluate it . The editor of the Journal agrees to delay his story while his reporters examine Palladino s findings . Infighting at CBS News about the segment prompts Hewitt to order Bergman to take an immediate vacation . During this , the abridged 60 Minutes segment airs . Bergman , with difficulty , completes a call to Wigand , who is both dejected and furious , accusing Bergman of manipulating him . Bergman defends his own motives and praises Wigand and his testimony . Bergman is urged by Scruggs to air the full segment , their own lawsuit under threat by a lawsuit from the governor of Mississippi . Bergman is powerless to help , and privately questions his own motives in pursuing the story . Bergman contacts an editor at The New York Times , disclosing the full story and events at CBS . The Times prints the story on the front page , and condemns CBS in a scathing editorial . The Journal dismisses the dossier as character assassination , and prints Wigand s deposition in full . Hewitt accuses Bergman of betraying CBS , but finds that Wallace now agrees that surrendering to corporate pressure was a mistake . 60 Minutes finally airs the original segment , including the full interview with Wigand . Bergman tells Wallace that he has resigned , believing 60 Minutes ' credibility and integrity is now permanently tarnished . The film ends with text cards summarizing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement , and the careers of Wigand and Bergman after the events of the film .