Harry Tasker leads a double life , performing covert missions for the U.S government under a counter-terrorism task force called The Omega Sector . Agents Albert Gib Gibson and Faisal assist him in these missions under the command of Spencer Trilby . However , Harry s wife , Helen , and his daughter , Dana , believe he is a boring computer salesman who does a lot of corporate travel . Harry s latest mission in Switzerland reveals the existence of a terrorist group known as the Crimson Jihad , led by Salim Abu Aziz . Harry suspects that antiques dealer Juno Skinner has ties to Aziz . After visiting her , Harry is attacked by Aziz and his men , and then loses him in a pursuit , meanwhile missing the birthday party that his wife and daughter have arranged for him . Harry heads to Helen s office the next day to surprise her for lunch , but overhears her talking to a man named Simon . He uses his connections in Omega Sector to learn that Simon is a used car salesman , pretending to be a covert agent to flirt with Helen . Harry and other Omega agents , disguised , kidnap Helen while she is at Simon s trailer and then frighten Simon into staying away from her . Harry , using a voice masking device , interrogates Helen and learns that ( due to his constant absence ) she is desperately seeking adventure . Harry thus arranges for Helen to participate in a staged spy mission , where she is to seduce a mysterious figure in his hotel room ( in actuality , Harry himself , who hopes to surprise Helen ) and plant a tracking bug on him . However , Aziz s men burst in , kidnap the couple , and take them to an island in the Florida Keys . Aziz reveals he possesses small nuclear warheads hidden inside antique statues shipped by Juno , and threatens to detonate them in major U.S. cities unless the U.S. military leaves the Persian Gulf . He then orders the couple to be tortured ; Harry ( under a truth serum ) reveals his double life to Helen , and then they escape to watch as Aziz has the warheads loaded onto vehicles , and prepares one of them to detonate on the island in ninety minutes . Harry leaves Helen to hide as he attacks Aziz s men , but Helen is captured by Juno and taken with the convoy on the Overseas Highway . Harry is rescued by Omega agents and pursues the convoy , sending two Harrier Jump Jets to stop it and destroy part of the bridge . Harry rescues Helen from Juno s limo before it falls over the destroyed section , and then return to the mainland before the first bomb goes off . They quickly learn that Aziz and his men have taken control of a downtown Miami skyscraper via helicopter and have kidnapped Dana , threatening to detonate the remaining bomb . Harry takes one of the jets to reach the skyscraper quickly . Faisal poses as part of a requested camera crew for Aziz to make his demands , providing enough distraction for Dana to steal the ignition key and flee the room . Aziz chases Dana onto an overhead crane where Harry arrives . Harry is able to rescue Dana while he and Aziz struggle in the cockpit . Aziz eventually becomes ensnared on the end of one of the plane s missiles , which Harry fires at the passing terrorist helicopter — destroying it and the remaining bomb on board . Harry , Helen , and Dana are then safely reunited . A year later , the Tasker s family integrity has been restored , and it is revealed that Helen has become another Omega Sector agent . Harry and Helen are called to embark on a new mission together at a formal party , where they encounter Simon seducing one of the female guests . Helen and Harry intimidate Simon into fleeing , and the film ends with the couple dancing the Tango in celebration .