In the autumn of 1959 , shy Todd Anderson begins his senior high school at Welton Academy , an all-male , elite prep boarding school . He is assigned one of Welton s most promising students , Neil Perry , as his roommate and is quickly accepted by Neil s friends : romantic Knox Overstreet , overachiever Richard Cameron , best friends Steven Meeks and Gerard Pitts , and mischievous beatnik Charlie Dalton . On the first day of classes , they are surprised by the unorthodox teaching methods of new English teacher John Keating , a Welton alumnus who encourages his students to make your lives extraordinary , a sentiment he summarizes with the Latin expression carpe diem ( seize the day ) . Subsequent lessons include having them take turns standing on his desk to teach the boys how they must look at life in a different way , telling them to rip out the introduction of their poetry books which explains a mathematical formula used for rating poetry , and inviting them to make up their own style of walking in a courtyard to encourage them to be individuals . His methods attract the attention of strict headmaster Gale Nolan . Upon learning that Keating was a member of the unsanctioned Dead Poets Society while he was at Welton , Neil restarts the club and he and his friends sneak off campus to a cave where they read poetry and verse , including their own compositions . As the school year progresses , Keating s lessons and their involvement with the club encourage them to live their lives on their own terms . Knox pursues Chris Noel , a girl who is dating a football player and whose family is friends with his . Neil discovers his love of acting and gets the lead in a local production of A Midsummer Night s Dream , despite the fact that his domineering father wants him to go to medical school . Keating helps Todd come out of his shell and realize his potential when he takes him through an exercise in self-expression , resulting in his composing a poem spontaneously in front of the class . Charlie publishes an article in the school newspaper in the name of the Dead Poets Society demanding that girls be admitted to Welton . Nolan uses corporal punishment to coerce Charlie into revealing who else is in the Dead Poets Society , but he resists . Nolan also speaks with Keating , warning him that he should discourage his students from questioning authority . Neil s father discovers Neil s involvement in the play and tells him to quit on the eve of the opening performance . Devastated , Neil goes to Keating , who advises him to stand his ground and prove to his father that his love of acting is something he takes seriously . Neil s father unexpectedly shows up at the performance . He takes Neil home and tells him he is forcing him into military school . Unable to find the courage to stand up to his father , a distraught Neil commits suicide . Nolan investigates Neil s death at the request of the Perry family . Richard blames Neil s death on Keating to escape punishment for his own participation in the Dead Poets Society , and names the other members . Confronted by Charlie , Richard urges the rest of them to let Keating take the fall . Charlie punches Richard and is expelled . Each of the boys is called to Nolan s office to sign a letter attesting to the truth of Richard s allegations , even though they know they are false . When Todd s turn comes , he is reluctant to sign , but does so after seeing that the others have complied . Keating is fired and Nolan takes over teaching the class . Keating interrupts the class to collect personal articles ; before he leaves Todd shouts that all of them were forced to sign the letter that resulted in his dismissal and that Neil s death was not his fault . Todd stands on his desk and salutes Keating with the words O Captain ! My Captain ! . Over half the rest of the class does the same , ignoring Nolan s orders to sit down . Keating is deeply touched by their gesture and realizes his teaching has made a lasting impact . He thanks the boys and departs .