Mr. Bean ( Rowan Atkinson ) is a well meaning , but hopelessly clumsy and destructive security guard , at the National Gallery in London . His reputation for sleeping on the job compels the board of directors to attempt to fire him , but they are thwarted by the chairman ( Sir John Mills ) who is sympathetic to him . In order to get rid of Bean , the board send him to Los Angeles to represent them at the unveiling of the portrait Whistler s Mother . The famous painting has been purchased for $ 50 million by the Grierson Art Gallery with a grant from General Newton ( Burt Reynolds ) . Bean s visit is arranged by the gallery s curator , David Langley ( Peter MacNicol ) , who , impressed with the National Gallery s false profile of Dr. Bean , agrees to accommodate Bean in his house for two months , much to the chagrin of his wife Alison ( Pamela Reed ) , son Kevin ( Andrew Lawrence ) and daughter Jennifer ( Tricia Vessey ) , who subsequently leave for Alison s mother s house . After some initial mishaps with the airport police and leaving the gallery s owner , Mr. Grierson ( Harris Yulin ) slightly doubtful about Bean s intelligence after meeting him in person , David begins to question his decision , and his worst fears are realised when Bean accidentally ruins the painting shortly after it arrives . Fearing that he will lose his job and possibly face criminal charges for the damage , David becomes despondent and gets drunk , even though his family returns out of pity . Bean , however , comes up with a plan to save David s career by sneaking into the gallery at night and replacing the damaged painting with a poster that he alters to make it resemble a genuine painting with egg whites and Alison s nail varnish . The plan works and the painting is a success , but Bean is unexpectedly called to give a speech about the painting with General Newton , countless journalists and reporters watching . Bean , however , manages to improvise a sentimental and deep monologue about the painting and wins the crowd s praise and approval . Just then , however , David is visited by Lieutenant Brutus ( whom Bean had crossed more than once earlier on ) and is initially perplexed with the police presence , assuming that the police might have discovered the issue with the priceless painting . Brutus however tells David that his daughter Jennifer has been in a motorcycle accident . They rush to the hospital , but Brutus and the police stop prematurely to deal with a mugging , in which Brutus is shot . David shares an uneasy reunion with Alison beside the unconscious Jennifer s bed , while Bean is mistaken for a medical doctor and forced into a surgery room to help remove the bullet from Brutus s chest , which he manages to do unorthodoxly . While still in the doctor s garments , Bean comes across David , who asks him to help awaken Jennifer . Once alone with Jennifer , Bean begins fooling around the defibrillator and zaps himself , accidentally causing him to wake Jennifer . Bean uneasily reveals himself to David and Alison and asks that he be allowed to stay with them another week , which they gladly accept . Bean goes on to spend quality time with David and his family until he leaves . Eventually , David takes Bean to the airport for his flight home , where they part ways as friends . Once at home in London , Bean takes one last look at his room , which he has decorated with photographs with the Langleys and the original Whistler s Mother that was damaged and then stowed away , before going to bed .