Ace Ventura is a Miami private investigator who specializes in the retrieval of tamed or captive animals . Despite the occasional successes , he struggles to pay rent and repair his battered 1970s Chevrolet Monte Carlo . He keeps dozens of different animal in his apartment , and his eccentricities make him the laughing stock of the Miami-Dade Police Department . Two weeks before the Miami Dolphins football team is due to play in the Super Bowl , the team mascot , a bottlenose dolphin named Snowflake , is stolen . Besides notifying the police , Melissa Robinson , the team s Chief Publicist , also hires Ace to find Snowflake . Ace discovers a rare triangular-cut orange amber stone , which he speculates to be part of a 1984 AFC Championship Ring . Ace tracks down the players in the team photo and sees their ring , but is dismayed to find every ring intact . Roger Podacter , Miami Dolphins ' Head of Operations , mysteriously falls to his death from his apartment . At the crime scene , Miami Police Lieutenant Lois Einhorn concludes the death to be a suicide . However , Ace proves it was a murder , embarrassing and infuriating Einhorn . Ace learns of a former Dolphins player named Ray Finkle , who also owned a ring but did not appear in the team photo , as he was added later in the season . Finkle missed the field goal kick at the end of Super Bowl XVII , which cost the Dolphins the championship and ruined his career . Ace visits Finkle s parents and discovers that he blames Dan Marino for taking the snap incorrectly , causing him to miss the kick . Finkle became so obsessed with the loss and Marino that he became insane and was committed to a mental hospital . However , despite Ace warning Melissa to send extra protection , Marino is still kidnapped . Ace visits Einhorn and explains his theory : Finkle kidnapped Marino out of revenge due to blaming him for his career having failed . Also , he took offense to the Dolphins giving Snowflake his number and teaching it to kick a field goal , and presumes he killed Podactor after he found him snooping around . Einhorn compliments him on his finding , and tells him to let the police finish the job . Ace declines , saying it is his job to find Snowflake . Ace and Robinson go to the mental hospital where Finkle was committed . Ace searches Finkle s belongings and discovers a newspaper article about a missing woman named Lois Einhorn . Studying this , Ace realizes that Lieutenant Lois Einhorn is , indeed , Ray Finkle . Soon after , Ace makes himself vomit and sets his clothes on fire , feeling disgusted that he made out with Finkle . On Super Bowl Sunday , Ace follows Finkle to an abandoned yacht storage facility , where he finds Snowflake and Marino . Ace subdues Finkle s henchmen , but before he can rescue Marino , Finkle holds him at gunpoint . When the police arrive , Finkle claims that Ace is the kidnapper and orders them to shoot him . Ace strips Finkle and with a little help from Marino , exposes his true identity , as it turns out he did n't perform the penectomy and vaginoplasty to perfect the disguise . Podacter discovered this during an earlier rendezvous with Finkle , so Finkle murdered him . Finkle attempts to kill Ace , but Ace subdues him and takes off his ring , a 1984 AFC Championship ring missing a stone . Finkle is then arrested and charged with murder . Marino and Snowflake return in time for the Super Bowl between the Miami Dolphins and Philadelphia Eagles . At halftime , Ventura sees an albino pigeon ( worth a $ 25,000 reward ) , but Swoop , the Eagles ' mascot , shoos it away before he can catch it . Enraged , Ventura beats the mascot while he is thanked on the JumboTron for saving Marino and Snowflake . Ventura briefly stops fighting Swoop and smiles as the audience cheers for him .