Dr. Dan Potter is the replacement for Dr. Harry Merton , a psychiatrist at Dr. Leo Bain s psychiatric haven . Dr. Bain operates the haven through very lenient methods . The 3rd floor patients ( paranoid former POW Frank Hawkes , pyromaniac preacher Byron Preacher Sutcliff , obese child molester Ronald Elster , and homicidal maniac Tom Bleeder Skaggs ) initially treat Dr. Potter with mixed hostility . The men on the 3rd floor wake up and begin to carry out their plan . After Hawkes successfully creates a blackout , Sutcliffe and Elster kill Curtis and the four escape in a doctor s car . They drive to a store in the middle of a raid to pick up new clothes and weapons . Skaggs then slashes an innocent bystander and runs away , the others take the murdered man s van and drive off . Dan arrives at the hospital to learn from Bain about the four escaped patients and of the people they killed . The babysitter Bunky arrives at Dan s house during the blackout and invites her boyfriend Billy to have sex . After hearing a noise , Billy is dragged and killed underneath the bed by Preacher , and Bunky is strangled by Ronald . Dan arrives home with Nell , Toni and Tom ( who unbeknownst to the family and the viewer , is the fourth escapee ) when they see cops all over the house . Lyla is fine as she told them about Ronald , but the police have n't found out about the murdered Bunky and Billy . During dinner , Barnett is killed by Hawkes ' crossbow and he attacks the family . With the phone line out , the family then barricades the windows from the crossbow bolts . Meanwhile , Bain is told by the telephone operator that the phone line to the Potter residence is out of order , causing him to drive over to the house where he is slashed and axed by Preacher . Dan tries to scream to the men outside and tells them that he did not murder Dr. Merton , but he gets no reply . Suddenly , Barnett s dead body is thrown by Ronald through a window , and the group stacks furniture against it as Hawkes shoots his crossbow through the broken window . Preacher sets a fire in the basement , prompting Dan to the basement where he injures Preacher and extinguishes the fire . After doing this , Ronald attacks the group before getting killed by a meat cleaver . While Dan starts up Bain s car , Tom s nose bleeds ( revealing his identity to the group ) and strangles Toni . Dan runs back inside and grabs Tom away from his sister and Nell stabs Tom , killing him . Suddenly , Preacher comes out of the basement and Dan struggles with him , where he manages to stab Preacher and throws him back into the basement . As Dan , Nell , Lyla and Toni gather together for comfort , Hawkes appears standing in the kitchen doorway with his crossbow aimed right at them and cities It s not just us crazy ones who kill . Suddenly , the electricity comes back on and Hawkes sees Dr. Merton interviewed in a news report on television . Evidently upset , Hawkes breaks the TV and leaves the house and escapes into the night . Hawkes then walks through the town and enters the club . While Hawkes watches the punk rock band perform , a drugged girl walks up to Hawkes where he pulls out his pistol and points it at her neck . She looks at it and laughs , and so does Hawkes .