A man is seated in a diner who is revealed as Harold Speck , a traveling salesman . He is joined by a gentleman who asks question which make him uncomfortable . After leaving the diner , Harold is found dead , with his eyelids cut off and clutching a symbol which appears to be a circle with a line through it , which leads to FBI Agents Thomas Mackelway ( Aaron Eckhart ) and Fran Kulok ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) being brought in on the case . There appears to be history between Mackelway and Kulok . We learn Kulok has been married but it did n't work out . Before that she was with Mackelway . Flashbacks of Mackelway s recent suspension reveal he received a six-month suspension and psychological evaluation for beating a suspected serial killer , Raymond Starkey ( who was in fact a serial killer and went to prison for his crimes ) . Mackelway receives a series of taunting faxes from someone who may be the killer . Meanwhile , kids go missing and we catch glimpses of a big truck . As the investigation proceeds , the agents begin to become aware of the possible existence of Suspect Zero , a super serial killer responsible for hundreds of deaths across all 50 states who leaves no evidence behind to link his crimes together . Another body is found in the trunk of a beaten up car , also with his eyelids cut off and cut with the crossed circle mark . The ownership of the car is traced to a halfway house where the manager admits Kulok and Mackelway to a room that was occupied by Benjamin O'Ryan for seven years . The room is filled with obsessive-compulsive sketches of the crossed circle design , a Bible which contains sketches of missing persons , and a book on ritual . Questioning the other occupants of the halfway house , Mackelway is told by one of them the design represents a Zero , not a circle . The killer sends information to Mackelway which leads him to Benjamin O'Ryan ( Ben Kingsley ) , who believes himself to be a former member of the FBI . The agents must decide if O'Ryan is the key that will allow them to catch Suspect Zero or if he himself is Suspect Zero . A man kidnaps and begins to rape a girl he followed out of a bar . O'Ryan pulls him out the car window and kills him . When the FBI including Kulok and Mackelway arrive , they find that the body belongs to the serial killer . Starkey , who Mackelway had put away earlier , who had been released from prison . Evidence uncovered reveals that O'Ryan was part of a secret government experiment ( Project Icarus ) attempting to cultivate telepathic abilities in individuals ( remote viewing ) for military purposes . The experiments gave O'Ryan the ability to see the actions of serial killers . These disturbing visions constantly torment O'Ryan and drive him to find the killers and kill them . O'Ryan seeks out Mackelway because Mackelway shares his abilities to some degree . O'Ryan begins to see through Mackelway s eyes , too . Then Mackelway starts seeing through O'Ryan s eyes and Mackelway starts seeing through the serial killers ' eyes . Mackelway s boss is not convinced by his theories that O'Ryan is chasing the killer rather than being the killer ; Kulok is not sure either . The actual Suspect Zero is another man who travels around the United States with a refrigerated truck . He targets children , whom he abducts and transports to his ranch to be killed . Mackelway pieces together evidence linking these crimes by recognizing that victims had signs of freezer burns while being transported from their place of kidnap to their resting place . Mackelway chases a suspect truckdriver to a carnival only to find that the child he saw in his vision as captured ' is free ; the truckdriver appears to be his father . Suddenly O'Ryan appears and captures Mackelway . Mackelway wakes tied in front of a mirror as O'Ryan tries to scare him but Mackelway is not frightened . O'Ryan spares him and they drive together while O'Ryan divulges his history with Project Icarus . Eventually , Mackelway and O'Ryan find Suspect Zero at his ranch . There are many bodies buried in shallow mounds of earth . Chasing him , both vehicles crash off the road . Kulok manages to free the child in the truck trailer , who had been kidnapped from a swing . After a struggle outside , Suspect Zero is killed when Mackelway crushes his skull with a rock . O'Ryan then tries to convince Mackelway to end his suffering by killing him . When Mackelway refuses , O'Ryan pretends to attack him , prompting Kulok to shoot him to defend her partner .