In 2004 , a satellite detects a mysterious heat bloom beneath BouvetĂ¸ya , an island about one thousand miles off the coast of Antarctica . Wealthy industrialist Charles Bishop Weyland ( Lance Henriksen ) discovers through thermal imaging that there is a pyramid buried 2000 feet beneath the ice . He attempts to claim it for his multinational communications company , Weyland Industries , a subsidiary of the Weyland Corporation , and assembles a team of experts to investigate . The team includes archaeologists , linguistic experts , drillers , mercenaries , and a guide named Alexa Woods ( Sanaa Lathan ) . As a Predator ship reaches Earth s orbit , it fires a beam that creates a passage through the ice towards the source of the heat bloom . When the team arrives at the abandoned whaling station above the heat source , they find the passage and descend beneath the ice . They locate the mysterious pyramid and begin to explore it , finding evidence of a prehistoric civilization and what appears to be a sacrificial chamber filled with human skeletons with ruptured rib cages . Meanwhile , three Predators arrive and kill all the humans on the surface . They make their way down to the pyramid and arrive just as the team unwittingly activates the structure . The Alien Queen awakes from cryogenic stasis and begins to produce eggs . When the eggs hatch , several facehuggers attach themselves to humans trapped in the sacrificial chamber . Chestbursters emerge from the humans and quickly grow into adult Aliens . Conflict erupts between the Predators , Aliens , and humans , resulting in several deaths . Two Predators are killed by an Alien , and Weyland is killed by the remaining Predator , while allowing Alexa and archaeologist Sebastian De Rosa ( Raoul Bova ) enough time to escape . The two witness the Predator kill a facehugger and an Alien with a shuriken before unmasking and marking himself with the blood of the facehugger . After Alexa and Sebastian leave , another facehugger attaches itself to the unmasked Predator . Through translation of the pyramid s hieroglyphs , Alexa and Sebastian learn that the Predators have been visiting Earth for thousands of years . It was they who taught early human civilizations how to build pyramids , and were worshiped as gods . Every 100 years they would visit Earth to take part in a rite of passage in which several humans would sacrifice themselves as hosts for the Aliens , creating the ultimate prey for the Predators to hunt . If overwhelmed , the Predators would activate a self-destruct device to eliminate the Aliens and themselves . The two deduce that this is why the current Predators are at the pyramid , and that the heat bloom was to attract humans for the sole purpose of making new Aliens to hunt . Alexa and Sebastian decide that the Predators must be allowed to succeed in their hunt so that the Aliens do not reach the surface . Unfortunately , Sebastian is captured by an Alien , leaving only Alexa and the Predator to fight against the Aliens . The two form an alliance and use a self-destruct device to destroy the pyramid and the remaining Aliens . Alexa and Scar reach the surface , where they battle the Alien Queen . They defeat the Queen by attaching its chain to a water tower and pushing her over a cliff , dragging the Queen to the ocean floor . Scar , however , is impaled through the torso by the Alien Queen s tail and succumbs to his wounds and dies . A Predator ship uncloaks and several Predators appear . They retrieve their fallen comrade and an elite Predator presents Alexa with one of their spear weapons in recognition of her skill as a warrior . As the Predators retreat into space , a chestburster with a hybrid form of an Alien and a Predator erupts from Scar s chest , beginning the events of Aliens vs . Predator : Requiem .