In 2084 , construction worker Douglas Quaid ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) is having troubling dreams about Mars and a mysterious woman there . His wife Lori ( Sharon Stone ) dismisses the dreams and discourages him from thinking about Mars , where the governor , Vilos Cohaagen ( Ronny Cox ) , is fighting rebels while searching for a rumored alien artifact located in the mines . At Rekall , a company that provides memory implants of vacations , Quaid opts for a memory trip to Mars as a Secret Agent fantasy . However , during the procedure , before the memory is implanted , something goes wrong , and Quaid starts revealing previously suppressed memories of actually being a Secret Agent . The company sedates him , wipes his memory of the visit , and sends him home . On the way home , Quaid is attacked by his friend Harry ( Robert Costanzo ) and some construction co-workers ; he is forced to kill them , using elite fighting skills . He is then attacked in his apartment by Lori , who states that she was never his wife ; their marriage was just a false memory implant , and Cohaagen sent her as an agent to monitor Quaid . He is then attacked and pursued by armed thugs led by Richter ( Michael Ironside ) , Lori s real husband and Cohaagen s operative . After evading his attackers , Quaid is given a suitcase containing money , gadgets , fake IDs , a disguise , and a video recording . The video is of Quaid himself , who identifies himself as Hauser and explains that he used to work for Cohaagen but learned about the artifact and underwent the memory wipe to protect himself . Hauser instructs Quaid to remove a tracking device located inside his skull before ordering him to go to Mars and check into the Hilton Hotel with a fake ID . Quaid makes his way to Mars and follows clues to Venusville , the colony s red-light district , primarily populated by people mutated as a result of poor radiation shielding . He meets Benny ( Mel Johnson , Jr. ) , a taxi driver , and Melina ( Rachel Ticotin ) , the woman from his dreams ; but she spurns him , believing that Quaid is still working for Cohaagen . Quaid later encounters Dr. Edgemar ( Roy Brocksmith ) and Lori , who claim Quaid has suffered a schizoid embolism and is trapped in a fantasy based on the implanted memories . Edgemar warns that Quaid is headed for lunacy ( his description loosely predicting later events ) and a lobotomy if he does not return to reality , then offers Quaid a pill that would waken him from the dream . Quaid puts the pill in his mouth , but after seeing Edgemar sweating in fear , he kills Edgemar and spits out the pill . Lori alerts Richter s forces , who burst into the room and capture Quaid , but Melina rescues him , with Quaid killing Lori in the process . The two race back to the Venusville bar and escape into the tunnels with Benny . Unable to locate Quaid , Cohaagen shuts down the ventilation to Venusville , slowly asphyxiating its citizens . Quaid , Melina , and Benny are taken to a resistance base ; and Quaid is introduced to Kuato ( Marshall Bell ) , a parasitic twin conjoined to his brother s stomach . Kuato reads Quaid s mind and tells him that the alien artifact is a turbinium reactor that will create a breathable atmosphere for Mars when activated , eliminating Cohaagen s abusive monopoly on breathable air . Cohaagen s forces burst in and kill most of the resistance , including Kuato , who instructs Quaid to start the reactor . Benny reveals that he is also working for Cohaagen , and that he alerted Cohaagen s forces . Quaid and Melina are taken to Cohaagen , who explains that the Quaid persona was a ploy by Hauser to infiltrate the mutants and lead Cohaagen to Kuato , thereby wiping out the resistance . Cohaagen orders Hauser s memory to be re-implanted in Quaid and Melina programmed as Hauser s obedient wife , but Quaid and Melina escape into the mines where the reactor is located . They work their way to the control room of the reactor , and Benny attacks them in an excavation machine . Quaid kills Benny , then confronts Richter and his men , killing them too . Quaid reaches the reactor control room , where Cohaagen is waiting with a bomb . During the ensuing struggle , Cohaagen triggers the bomb , but Quaid throws it away , blowing out one of the walls of the control room and causing an explosive decompression . While reaching for the reactor controls , Quaid knocks out Cohaagen , and he is sucked out onto the Martian surface , where he dies due to the lack of oxygen and pressure . Quaid manages to activate the reactor before he and Melina are also pulled out . The reactor releases air into the Martian atmosphere , saving Quaid , Melina and the rest of Mars ' population . As humans walk onto the surface of the planet in its new atmosphere , Quaid momentarily pauses to wonder whether he is dreaming before turning to kiss Melina .