Freddy Krueger is rendered powerless in Hell with Springwood forgetting him . Disguising as Pamela Voorhees , Freddy manipulates Jason Voorhees into killing Springwood teenagers to regain strength . Lori Campbell lives with her widowed father , with friends Kia , Gibb , Trey , and Blake staying over . That night , Jason stabs Trey and folds him in half , with police suspecting Freddy . Following a nightmare , Blake awakens to his beheaded father before Jason kills him . The next day , police state it to be a murder-suicide , hoping to contain Freddy . Lori s ex-boyfriend Will Rollins and friend Mark Davis are Westin Hills Psychiatric Hospital patients . They take Hypnocil to suppress dreams , due to them having the last contact with Freddy . A news report leads Mark to devise an escape plan . He and Will return to Springwood to tell Lori about Freddy . Mark later learns of the city s plan to eradicate Freddy and realizes they ve nullified it . That night , Lori and the others attend a rave at a cornfield . A drunken Gibb believes she sees Trey and follows him to a silo - a dream trap set by Freddy . However , Jason kills her . Dismayed , Freddy realizes Jason s rampage will continue and deny Freddy victims . Linderman and stoner Freeburg escape the rave along with Lori , and Kia . Lori confronts her father about her mother s death , lying to him . She and Will go to Mark s house , only to discover Freddy attacking Mark . Deputy Stubbs suspects a copycat Jason murderer , but his suspicions fall short . He approaches Lori and her friends , who piece together Freddy s plan . Learning of Hypnocil , they steal stock from Westin Hills , but Freddy possesses Freeburg and disposes of them . After electrocuting Stubbs , Jason is tranquilized by possessed-Freeburg , whom Jason bisects before losing consciousness . The teens devise a plan to pull Freddy from the dream world into reality and force him to fight Jason . They take the unconscious Jason to Crystal Lake . Meanwhile , Freddy battles Jason in the dream world . He pulls him into a nightmare of him drowning as a child , learning his fear of water . Lori retrieves Freddy but he attacks her , revealing himself as her mother s killer . Jason awakens and chases the others into a cabin . Linderman is mortally wounded and dies , the cabin ignites , and Lori is awakened , pulling Freddy into real life . Jason fights Freddy while they escape , throwing Freddy through another cabin s roof . Lori , Will and Kia encounter Freddy . Kia distracts Freddy by taunting him until Jason suddenly kills her . As Lori and Will escape , the two begin to fight . The group attempt to ram a minecart into them , but both are knocked to the boardwalk . There , Jason tears Freddy s arm off while he stabs Jason s eyes . Lori and Will ignite propane tanks that blow Freddy and Jason into the lake . Freddy climbs out , but Jason impales Freddy with his own arm and Lori decapitates Freddy before Jason collapses . Finally at peace , Lori and Will leave Crystal Lake together . However , Jason emerges holding Freddy s severed head , who winks at the audience and laughs .