High school student Alex Browning boards VolĂŠe Airlines Flight 180 with his classmates for their senior trip to Paris , France . Before take-off , Alex has a premonition that the plane will suffer a catastrophic engine failure , causing the plane to explode in mid-air , and killing everyone on board . When the events from his vision begin to repeat themselves in reality , he panics and a fight breaks out between Alex and his rival , Carter Horton . This leads to several passengers being removed from the plane , including Alex ; Carter ; Alex s best friend , Tod Waggner ; Carter s girlfriend , Terry Chaney ; teacher Valerie Lewton ; and students Billy Hitchcock and Clear Rivers . None of the passengers , except for Clear , believe Alex about his vision until the plane explodes on take-off , killing the remaining passengers on board . Afterwards , the survivors are interrogated by two FBI agents , who believe that Alex had something to do with the explosion . Thirty-nine days later , the survivors attend a memorial service for the victims . That night , Tod is killed when a chain reaction causes him to be strangled in his bathtub . His death is deemed a suicide ; however , Alex does not believe that Tod killed himself . He and Clear sneak into the funeral home to see Tod s body , where they meet mortician William Bludworth , who tells them that they have ruined Death s plan , and Death is now claiming the lives of those who were meant to die on the plane . The next day , Alex and Clear discuss what the mortician said at a cafe . Alex believes that if they look out for omens they can cheat Death again , although Clear is skeptical . They encounter the rest of the survivors ; and when Carter provokes Alex , Terry storms off in anger and is suddenly killed by a speeding bus . After watching a news report on the cause of the explosion , Alex realizes that the survivors are dying in the order they were meant to die on the plane . He deduces that Ms. Lewton is next and rushes to her house to ensure her safety . Thinking Alex is up to no good , Ms. Lewton calls the FBI agents , who take him in for questioning . Although Alex is unable to convince the agents of what is happening they decide to let him go . Nonetheless , he is too late to save Ms. Lewton , whose house explodes after she is impaled by a falling kitchen knife . The remaining survivors reunite and discuss what to do while driving through town . During the discussion Carter learns that he is next on Death s list . Frustrated over having no control over his life , Carter parks his car on railroad tracks , wanting to die on his own terms . He changes his mind at the last minute ; but can not get out when his seat belt jams . Alex manages to save Carter when his seat belt rips , just before his car is smashed by an oncoming train . As Billy warns the others to stay away from Carter he is suddenly decapitated by flying shrapnel from the car wreckage . Alex deduces that since he intervened Death skipped Carter and moved onto Billy , and realizes that he is next on Death s list . While hiding out in a fortified cabin Alex recalls switching seats with two girls in his premonition , meaning Clear is actually next , and he rushes to save her while being chased by agents . Meanwhile , Clear is trapped inside her car with a leaking gas tank , surrounded by loose live wires . Alex arrives in time to save Clear and grabs the wire , allowing her to escape from the car seconds before it explodes , leaving Alex incapacitated . Six months later , Alex , Clear , and Carter travel to Paris to celebrate their survival . While discussing their ordeal , Alex explains that Death never skipped him . After seeing more omens he leaves the table , and is almost hit by a bus , which swerves and crashes into a large neon sign that swings down towards Alex . Carter pushes Alex out of the way at the last second , and Alex says that Death has skipped him . When Carter asks who is next the sign suddenly swings back down towards Carter , implying that Death s plan is still in action .