The unnamed Narrator ( Edward Norton ) is a traveling automobile recall specialist who suffers from insomnia . One night , he visits a support group for testicular cancer victims , where they assume that he , too , is a victim , and he spontaneously weeps into the nurturing arms of another man , finding a freedom that euphorically relieves his insomnia . He becomes addicted to participating in support groups of various kinds , always allowing the groups to assume that he suffers what they do . However , he begins to notice another impostor , Marla Singer ( Helena Bonham Carter ) , whose presence disturbs his bliss . The two negotiate to avoid their attending the same groups , but , before going their separate ways , Marla gives the Narrator her phone number . On a flight home from a business trip , the Narrator meets Tyler Durden ( Brad Pitt ) , a soap salesman with whom he begins to converse after noticing the two share the same kind of briefcase . After the flight , the Narrator returns home to find that his apartment has been demolished by an explosion . He calls Tyler and they meet at a bar . A conversation about consumerism leads to the Narrator moving into Tyler s dilapidated mansion . Outside the bar , Tyler requests that the Narrator hit him , which leads the two to engage in a fistfight . They have further fights outside the bar on subsequent nights , and these fights attract growing crowds of men . The fighting eventually moves to the bar s basement where the men form a fight club , a routine opportunity for the men to fight recreationally . Marla overdoses on pills and telephones the Narrator for help ; he ignores her , but Tyler answers the call and saves her . Tyler and Marla become sexually involved , and Tyler warns the Narrator never to talk to Marla about him . More fight clubs form across the country and , under Tyler s leadership , they become the anti-materialist and anti-corporate organization called Project Mayhem . The Narrator complains to Tyler that he wants to be more involved in the organization , but then Tyler suddenly disappears . When a member of Project Mayhem is killed by the police during a botched sabotage operation , the Narrator tries to shut down the project , and follows evidence of Tyler s national travels to track him down . In one city , a Project member greets the Narrator as Tyler Durden . The Narrator calls Marla from his hotel room and discovers that Marla also believes him to be Tyler . He suddenly sees Tyler in his room , and Tyler reveals that they are dissociated personalities in the same body . When the Narrator has believed himself to be asleep , Tyler has been controlling his body and travelling to different locations . The Narrator blacks out after the conversation , and when he awakes , he uncovers Tyler s plans to erase debt by destroying buildings that contain credit card companies ' records . The Narrator tries to contact the police , but finds that the officers are members of the Project . He attempts to disarm the explosives in a building , but Tyler subdues him and moves him to the uppermost floor . The Narrator , held at gunpoint by Tyler , realizes that , in sharing the same body with Tyler , he himself is actually holding the gun . He fires it into his mouth , shooting through the cheek without killing himself . Tyler collapses with an exit wound to the back of his head , and the Narrator stops mentally projecting him . Afterward , Project Mayhem members bring a kidnapped Marla to him , believing him to be Tyler , and leave them alone . The explosives detonate , collapsing many buildings around them ; the Narrator and Marla , holding hands , look on .