Brad Hamilton ( Judge Reinhold ) is a popular senior who is looking forward to his last year of school and almost has his 1960 Buick LeSabre paid off . He has a part-time job at All-American Burger , a fast food joint where his girlfriend , Lisa , also works . This esteemed establishment has a strict policy of etiquette : No Shirt , No Shoes , No Dice . Brad is subsequently fired for losing his temper at an obnoxious customer . When Brad tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her , she says she is breaking up with him to see other guys . Brad quits his job at Captain Hook Fish & Chips because of the humiliation of having to wear a pirate costume when delivering food . He later gets a job at Mi-T-Mart , where he successfully thwarts an attempted robbery and is subsequently promoted to store manager . Brad s sister Stacy ( Jennifer Jason Leigh ) is a 15-year-old sophomore and also a virgin . Stacy works at a pizza parlor at the mall alongside her outspoken friend , popular and sexually active Linda ( Phoebe Cates ) . One night at work , Stacy takes an order from Ron Johnson , a 26-year-old stereo salesman who asks her out after she tells him she s nineteen . She then sneaks out to meet him and they have sex in a dugout at a softball field . Stacy never hears from Ron again , revealing the loss of her virginity to Linda . Mike Damone ( Robert Romanus ) , a dilettante who earns money taking bets and scalping tickets , fancies himself a sagacious and worldly ladies ' man . After Mike s friend Mark Ratner ( Brian Backer ) proclaims his love for Stacy to him , Mike lets him in on his five secrets for picking up girls . Mike later coaxes Mark into taking Stacy on a date to a German restaurant . Afterwards , at her home , Stacy invites Mark into her bedroom , where they look at Stacy s photo album together . They eventually kiss , but he soon shies away and leaves after Stacy attempts to initiate intimacy with him . Stacy invites Damone over after school for a swim in the pool , which leads to sex in the pool house between the two . Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant as a result . But on the day of her appointment , embarrassed at being unable to raise the money for his half of the bill , Damone ignores her . Stacy asks Brad to drive her supposedly to a bowling alley , but she goes to the abortion clinic . When Brad returns , Stacy makes him promise not to tell their parents . When Stacy tells Linda , Linda becomes angry at Damone , leading to an almost physical confrontation between Damone and Mark in the boys ' locker room until it is broken up by the vice principal . Jeff Spicoli ( Sean Penn ) is a surfer and habitual marijuana user who runs afoul of a strict history teacher Mr. Hand ( Ray Walston ) , who is intolerant of Spicoli s disregard for his class . One night , Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont star football player Charles Jefferson s 1979 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 during a joyride with Jefferson s younger brother . Spicoli decides to park the car in front of the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont s rival , Lincoln High . When Ridgemont plays Lincoln , Jefferson is angry about his car , thrashes several of Lincoln s players , and wins the game for Ridgemont . On the evening of the graduation dance , Mr. Hand shows up at Spicoli s house and informs him that since he has wasted eight hours of class time over the past year , Mr. Hand intends to make up for it that night . They have a one-on-one session that lasts until Mr. Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson . In addition to Mark and Stacy s continuing relationship and Brad s promotion to manager at the convenience store , fates of some of the other characters are revealed in an epilogue sequence prior to the closing credits : Spicoli saves Brooke Shields from drowning and then spends the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party . Linda gets accepted to UC Riverside and moves in with her Abnormal Psychology professor . Damone gets arrested for scalping Ozzy Osbourne tickets and gets a job at 7-Eleven when he gets out , and Mr. Hand still believes everyone is on drugs .